SEOW HONG SIAH 
Audit Senior | Finance Professional 
Email: seowhs90@gmail.com, Mobile: 96922060, LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/hong-siah-seow-621bb058 
 

 
 

SUMMARY 

Meticulous and diligent finance professional with audit experience in a wide spectrum of  industries. Experienced in financial 
analysis and forecast modelling on listed companies. Possess a keen, analytical mind and in -depth understanding of the Singapore 
Financial Reporting Standards. Able to function well in a team setting or independently wh ile meeting tight deadlines, and has 
demonstrated leadership capabilities in various facets of work and life.  

 

WORK EXPERIENCE  

Baker Tilly TFW LLP  

Audit Senior 

Sep 2015 to Present 

  Perform forecasting, discounted cash flow modelling and other valuation techniques on private and public MNCs. 
  Adopt leadership role in audit engagements to plan, lead and execute audit procedures based on the Baker Tilly TFW 
LLP audit methodology.   
  Perform financial analysis and industry analysis to evaluate clients’ financial statement assertions.  
  Lead and execute audit engagements on public and private entities in various industries including: Manufacturing, 
Commodities, Food and Beverages, Non-profit, Logistics, etc. 
 
Identify and discuss areas of improvement in clients’ business models and  internal controls based on financial analysis. 
  Assess clients’ financial health and performance using financial analysis and ratios.  
  Determine and apply appropriate valuation techniques to clients’ investments  in accordance with FRS 113. 
  Extract and analyze clients’ financial data using Excel lookup and pivot table functions.  
  Review and analyze clients’ periodic financial reports and forecasts. 

C.S. Chan & Co. 

Audit Intern 

  Assisted audit seniors with audit engagements with minimum guidance. 
  Performed audit fieldwork and gained insight on implementing audit procedures to address risks. 
 

EDUCATION 

Singapore Management University  
Bachelor of Accountancy 

May 2013 to Aug 2013 

Aug 2011 to Jun 2015 

  Extra-Curriculum Activities: Accounting Society Camp 2011, Sports Camp 2011. 
Organizing committee for the  two camps and involved in the management of logistics for camp participants.  

Lund University, School of Economics and Management  
International Student Exchange Program 

Project Xin Yuan VI (Guangzhou) 

Jan 2014 to Jun 2014 

Dec 2013 to Dec 2013 

Overseas Community Service Project 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       

  Participated as one of the Program Leaders in the organizing committee of a 2 -weeks overseas community service 
program designed to teach and impart practical knowledge to the beneficiaries at the Guangzhou English Training Center 
for the Handicapped (GETCH).  
  Lead a team of 12 members to teach practical musical skills, music theory and cultural exchange to classes of 25 
students. 
 

CERTIFICATION 

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant   
Chartered Accountant (CA) 
 

SKILLS 

Jun 2016 to Sep 2018 (Expected) 

  Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, financial analysis, valuation models, application of Singapore Financial Reporting 
Standards, Singapore Standards on Auditing, management accounting, time management, leadership.  

