Name:  Connie (Sin Yu) Phillips  

Email: kamconnie@hotmail.com 

Phone: +852 6745 3644 

 

Fully qualified accountant since 2007 as ACA from ICAEW , UK 

 

I am an aspiring CFO and looking to consolidate my management experience within the finance function in Asset 

Management.  I pride myself with a can-do attitude and always looking to make a posit ive difference. 

 

August 2016 – Present 

Career experience 

BFAM Partners (Hong Kong) Limited, Hong Kong 

Finance Officer 

 
BFAM Partners is a multi-strategy hedge fund with AUM of around $2.3bn, it allocates capital dynamically amongst three 
core investment strategies: Equity-Linked trading strategies including convertible bonds; Volatility trading strategies 
focused on regional Equity and FX markets; and Credit trading strategies.  
 
Since I joined BFAM Partners in August 2016 and reporting directly to the COO, I brought the Cayman, Hong Kong and 
Consolidated management accounts, which were outsourced to an accountancy firm back  in house, the responsibilities 
included selecting an accounting software, setting up all the necessary controls and processes, writing up  the Finance 
Manual.  The process has helped to speed up the reporting timeline and to improve the accuracy of the accounts.  
 
In addition to producing the monthly management accounts for the corporate entities, I am responsible for all the day to 
day running of the accounts including bookkeeping, making payments to third parties including the payroll firm.  I also 
carry out Corporate Treasury function managing liquidity between the entities. 
 
Further, I have set up a model to examine our tax position potentially restructuring Transfer Pricing model as the 
business grows. 
 
Aside from the Corporate entities, my responsibilities for the Cayman based investment fund are as below: 
 

  As  part  of  the  routine NAV  production  cycle,  I work  closely with  the Middle Office  team   and  the Administrator  in 
Mumbai to ensure the P&L is correct, and ensure capital movements and expenses are accounted for correctly 
and  that  the  allocation  between  the  investors  are  correct.    I  am  responsible  for  issuing  estimated 
performance to investors on a weekly basis. 

  Ensuring compliance and tax filings are completed such as K1s for the US investors and FAR for CIMA 
  As  the  Finance  Officer,  I  attend  board  calls   from  Cayman  and  answer  directors’  queries.    Attend  investors  due 
diligence meetings to represent Finance. 

As for the annual Audit on both Corporate and the Fund, I am very much involved reviewing the statutory accounts 
under IFRS, liaising with the Auditors and Administrators to get the accounts audited and signed off. 
 
July 2011 – July 2016 

Cantab Capital Partners LLP, Cambridge, UK 

Fund Controller 

 
My role as a Fund Controller at Cantab Capital is a varied one covering many aspects of financial control and reporting 
functions for the Cayman funds, the Managed accounts and the Partnership account.  
 
Prior to maternity leave, I led the finance team which involved training up new employees, setting and reviewing their 
work, defining the finance function and pushing forward the finance projects . 
 
As I have become more experienced within the firm, I devoted most of my time improving various in-house built systems 
which are widely used by the Operations and the Finance teams.  As Cantab is a systematic trading platform and trades 
large volume on Forwards, Futures and Equities on a daily basis, it is essential to maximise output of the systems by way 
of automating the work flow. 
 
The key projects and implementations I have worked on 
 

  Equities  Corporate  Actions  -  Implementing  alerts  and  reconciliation  system  for  over  2,000  cash  equities  and 
CFDs between two Prime Brokers; 
  Cash  Reconciliation  system   –  Continual  improvement  on  cash  flow  for  futures  commissions,  realised  cash  from 
trading, margin calls, interest, financing costs and Corporation Actions;  

  NAV  Database  system  –  System  migration  from  Excel  to  the  Database  and  enhance  reporting  for  Investor 
Relations;  Automation of Forwards hedging calculation and execution from the Database;  
  Maintaining relationship with Data Provider – Thomson Reuters, ongoing monitoring and negotiation of cost  
  Oversee the administration of the UCITS fund 

I am currently leading a project to switch AIFMD Depositary provider. 
 
The key responsibilities for the Cayman funds and Managed accounts are:  
 

  Review  and  approve  monthly  NAVs  prepared  by  Administrator  by  performing  reconciliation  of  P&L  to  internal 
accounting  system.    This  includes  review  of  fund  expenses,  perform  FX  hedge  trades,  calculate    management 
fees and calculate performance fees using equalization and ser ies accounting 
  Review the year end statutory accounts under IFRS and liaise with auditors 
  Assist  with  Tax  queries  and  liaise  with  external  Tax  advisors  for  German  Tax  Reporting,  UK  Reporting  Funds, 
K1s and PFICs 
 
Issuance of Transparency Report, weekly and monthly fund NAVs estimates 
  Monitor  investments dealings and outstanding AML, provide support  to  investor  relations  for  investors queries on 
fees and performance 
  Prepare regulatory filings including BlueSky, CPO-PQR, Annex IV 

 

Mar 2010 – July 2011 

 

Barclays Capital, Canary Wharf, London 

Analyst 

I worked for Barclays Capital for 1 year and 4 months.  My focus for the first six months was to test an in-house 

developed accounting system , called MOTIF, which the derivatives business went live in Sep 2010.  I lead the migration 

effort from  the financial controller prospective during Go Live phase in Sep 2010 .  My role had developed to reporting the 

live business from MOTIF alongside with testing for continuing development. 

 

Nov 2004 – Feb 2010  

 

Responsibilities on each audit client.  

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Cambridge, UK 

Assistant Manager, Audit & Assurance  

 

 

  Audit of financial statements under UK GAAP and IFRS  

  Management of audit team (tasks allocation and review work of junior staff) 

  Management of timetable to meet tight deadlines 

  Preparation of reporting documents (reporting to audit committee and group auditors)   

Qualifications and Educations 

Professional qualifications 

 

 

2007 

 

Educations 

2016 – Present 

2004 – 2000 

2000 – 1998 

ICAEW  - Institute of Chartered 

ACA – Accredited Chartered Accountant 

Accountants England and Wales, UK 

 

 

Chinese University of Hong Kong 

Part Time MBA (Saturdays only) 

Imperial College, UK 

Brighton College, UK 

MSci Physics – Degree Class   2:1 

A Levels: 

Physics A, Maths A, Further Maths B 

Chemistry  B, Chinese A 

1998 - 1995 
 
Languages English and Cantonese – Bilingual; Mandarin – Intermediate; Spanish – Basic 
 

The Towers Convent School, UK 

11 GCSES (2A*s, 3As, 2Bs & 4Cs) 

IT Advance use of Microsoft Excel and basic use of Microsoft Access (creating table and simple queries)  

