DEVESH VASANTLAL 
 9658 5919 | devesh.vas@gmail.com 
Singapore Citizen 

 

OVERVIEW AND SKILLS 

  Detail-oriented budgeting specialist with over 7 years of experience within the financial services industry 
in quantitative analysis, accounting, auditing and forecasting.  

  Strong  technical  experience  and  knowledge  in  insurance  and  investment  performance measurement 
and attribution analytics of various portfolios, liabilities, asset classes and derivatives.   

  Subject-matter  expert  for  investment  accounting  and  compliance  (IFRS ,  GIPS  and  SFA),  lead  for 
preparation of fund reports with excellent knowledge of investment operations and fund valuations.   

 

In-depth  knowledge  of  various  investment  and  insurance  products,  financial  markets  and 
economic/industry trends.  

  Proven  to  create  operational  efficiencies,  communicate  effectively  with  senior  management  and 
implementing systems.  

SKILLS 

  Self-starter with strong self-motivation and a positive attitude. 

  Strong written and verbal communication skills. 

  Experienced in coaching graduates and analysts. 

 

IFRS and GIPS and MAS regulations surrounding SFA, Banking Act and Insurance Act. 

  MS Word, Excel (VBA), PowerPoint, Bloomberg, Capital IQ, AS/400, SAP, RLS, Markit and Python.  

  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

AXA INSURANCE PTE. LTD.  

SINGAPORE 

Assistant Manager, Investment Reporting and Budgeting (Rating: Excellent)  2014 – Current 
  Reported monthly hedging, investment, insurance, capital allocation and ALM with in-depth attribution 
and analysis on key insurance and investment related movements against benchmarks. Performed on 
various portfolios held and distributed to senior management, board of directors, group and regulators. 

  Highly  proficient  in  capital  adequacy  ratios,  modelling,  analysis  and  monitoring  through  projections. 
Improved investment income by 40% through collaborating with CIO on efficiency of capital allocation 
by assessing excess capital, excess liquidity and return on equity with a projected solvency model of 5 
years based on company business plan. 

  Coordinated  with  various  stakeholders  to  consolidate  and  analyse  company  financial  data  providing 
senior management and regulator feedback and analysis on key business performance.  

  Reviewed new  investment mandates and advised the  investment team on  investment accounting and 
tax treatment for current and new investments.   

  Redevelopment of investment models for monthly performance reporting and attribution analysis with 
custodian and financial administrator reconciliations (AUM: S$3b+).  

  Presented  to  internal  management  on  accounting  treatment  for  forwards  (e.g.  covered  interest  rate 
parity, hedging benefits and costs of interest rate differentials). 

  Prepared and analysed 100+ bi-annual fund reports for investment products to policyholders. 

  Review of commission components and structures offered to various agencies and recommend senior 
management revisions. 

 

In-charge of adopting and implementing IFRS9 through independent research for various investments  
– review of SPPI test, probability of loss and loss given default models.  

 

Implementing SAP investment reporting software.  

 
 

 

Achievements 

  Developed  and  designed  investment  accounting  model  for  bonds,  equities,  cross-currency  swaps, 
structured  products,  private  equity,  hedge  funds  and  ETFs  to  account  for  amortisation,  yield  to 
maturity, yield to cost, impairment and unrealised/realised foreign currency gains and losses. Achieved 
savings of more than 240 hours in processing time annually. 
  Streamlined  investment and regulatory reporting process by creating automation  in reporting process 
and meeting cross-functionally that reduced turnaround time from 3 weeks to 2 weeks. 

  Promoted from Senior Associate to Assistant Manager within the first two years. 

  Handpicked  by  roundtable  meeting  of  executive  committee  members  for  first  reverse  mentorship 
program to develop digital savviness in senior management. 

DELOITTE SINGAPORE (FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY)       

   SINGAPORE  

   2010 – 2014 
Senior Auditor (Rating: OT+: above average performer) 
  Audited  financial  and  industrial  sectors  from  industries  such  as  banks,  brokers,  finance  leasing,  fund 
management, high frequency trading, insurance and shipping firms.   

 

Lead for audit engagements of up to 7 team members for statutory audits, group audits and regulatory 
reporting and special purpose reviews.  

  Analysed balance sheet and profit or loss of various companies on material movements.  

  Managed  entire  audit  process,  including  planning,  engagement  budgeting,  risk  assessment,  actual 
fieldwork and audit completion. 

  Reviewed and assessed client's business operations, policies and processes, identified deficiencies and 
missing controls to minimise financial and operational risk through testing of controls – raised up to 70 
audit findings for one client.  

  Regular communication and coordination with clients and other Deloitte member firms based in United 
States, Hong Kong, India, United Kingdom and Japan for interoffice reporting of audit.   

Achievements 

  Received Deloitte Applause Award for outstanding contributions towards strategic objectives and client 
service. 
  Performed extensive qualitative credit analysis for a special purpose review for MAS . The review led to 
a recommendation to downgrade loan ratings for several borrowers, which was accepted by MAS (e.g. 
Dubai real estate developer and Singapore shipping firm). 

 

EDUCATION 

 
    Singapore 
CFA Institute (Completed Level I & II) 
2015 – Current 
CFA Level III Candidate  
Singapore 
CFA Singapore Society 
2015 – 2016 
CFA Research Program for Level I & II  
Singapore 
CPA Australia  
Melbourne, Australia                                                                                 
Monash University                                                                               
    2007 – 2010 
Bachelor of Commerce, Double Major in Finance and Accounting                          
   Perth, Australia                                                                    
Christ Church Grammar School                                                                 
Tertiary Entrance Exam                                                                                               
2002 – 2004                                                                                                               
 

INTERESTS AND LANGUAGES 

 
 

Interest: Equities investment and research, financia l books and press, golf, tennis, coffee and soccer. 

  Languages: Fluent in English and conversational proficiency in Malay, Hindi and Gujarati . 

 
 

 

