Makiko Hashimoto 
8 Lorong 38 Geylang #07-09 Singapore 398106 
+65 8268 7320  bridgebook1976@yahoo.co.jp

Objective 
Singapore based sales person for Japanese clients  

Experience                                  
Apex Fund Services Pte. Ltd.                                                                                         January 2017  to present 
■ Moved to alternative funds’ administration firm as head of business development, Japan. My role is to 
attain new business or conversion of administrator from competitor as well as support communication 
between existing Japanese clients and the firm. 
■ Have supported people at front office like fund manager, while started to deal with people at middle-
back office in investment manager. Aimed at broadening client base not only hedge fund but private eq-
uity manager.  
■ Have learnt services the firm offers, back ground of regulation for fund administration, and competitive 
environment in Japan market. Visited existing clients as well as potential clients and intermediaries. At-
tended a biggest PE conference in Tokyo, extended my knowledge. 

Eurekahedge Pte.                                                                                                February 2014 to December 2016 
■ Moved to alternative funds’ database and research firm, took a role as business development manager 
especially for Japanese subscribers. Utilised 15 years experiences as Japanese equity sales for pension/
investment trust manager, enlarged client base from traditional long-only to hedge fund manager. 
■ Acquired products/service knowledge to attain new business, maximised revenue from existing sub-
scribers to negotiate fee increase. Raised sales +64% during my tenure. 
■ Helped junior sales staff to cooperate, share information and encourage to climb out of the doldrums. 

Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd.  
January 2010 to January 2014 
Joined the company as a senior sales person of proven worth. My role was to increase order share at ma-
■
jor institutional investors as an account manager. Raised evaluation ranking from fund manager and 
buy-side analyst among competitors, contributed revenue share growth. 

UBS Securities Japan Ltd.  
January 2001 to June 2009 
■ Committed as an account manager of several investment management companies including the biggest 
domestic trust banks, and improved ALL evaluation to “Tier 1”. Capitalised on my strength of team-
work. 
■ Contributed to hire new graduates, occupied a position of leadership as a mentor. 
Selected a member of “Ascent Program” for executive candidate in 2005. Through 2 years project, got 
■
opportunities to discuss among associates gathered from each country of APAC and polished communi-
cation skills. 

Kokusai Securities (present Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.)  Apr 1998 to Dec 2000 
Started business for private investors at the Shinjuku blanch for 1 year.  
■
■ Transferred to equity sales division for institutional investors and took charge of some asset manage-
ment companies. 

Education 
Tsuda University, Tokyo 
Bachelor of liberal arts, International Relations and Asian Economic history 

Certification  
Securities broker representative license 1&2, TOEIC 870.   
Hobby 
Golf, skiing, snowboarding, scuba diving and running 

 

 

 

Page  2

Mar 1998 

