 

Eric, Ng Wei Meng (Mr) 
Block 449 Hougang Avenue 10   
#10-509 Singapore 530449 
H/P: 91396439 
Email: ericong@hotmail.sg 
 
 

 

 
To  fully utilize my skills and knowledge  in a  growth oriented and 
customer focused organization. 

 

 
Objective: 

Functional 
Summary 

Summary 

 
Education: 

 
Certification: 

 
Institute of Banking and Finance 
CMFAS Module 1A- Rules and Regulations for dealing in Securities 
 
Singapore College of Insurance 
M5- Rules and Regulations for Financial Advisory Services  
 

Experience  in  Regulatory  and  Investment  compliance,  Investment 
portfolio  risk  management,  Operational  risk  management  and 
Business control. 

 

 

risk 
financial  products,  portfolio 
regulatory 
reviews,  and 
risk 

  Strong written and presentation ability 
  Experienced  in  coordinating  regional  projects  and  work  both 
independently or with team 
In-depth  knowledge  on 
management,  operational 
obligations. 
In-depth  knowledge  of  MAS  regulation,  SFA,  FAA,  and  various 
operational risk methodologies   
  Skilled  to  learn  new  concepts  quickly,  working  well  under 
pressure and communicating ideas clearly and effectively 
 
 
  Strong analytic skills 
Masters in Business (Applied Finance) 
  Project management skill 
Queensland University of Technology, Australia  
 
 
Bachelor in Business (Marketing) 
Queensland University of Technology, Australia  
 
Diploma in Business Informatics (Business)  
Nanyang Polytechnic  

 

 

 
2009 
 
 
2008 
 
 
2004 

 

Work 
Accomplishment 
(Current) 

May 2014 to 
Present 

Compliance Officer - Associate 
BlackRock (Singapore) Limited 
 
Regulatory  Compliance  Associate,  handling  all  regulatory  compliance 
matters,  AML/KYC  matters,  employee  conducts, 
Internal/External/ 
Regulatory Audit matters, and advising of businesses on the compliance risk 
matters.   
 
Member of APAC Compliance Risk and Control Working group,  responsible 
on  conducting  Thematic  Reviews  on  Singapore  entities   and  reporting  back 
results to the APAC group. 
 
Core Compliance activities 
  Coordinating  with  regional  offices,  advising  all  employees  on  all 
Core  Compliance  issues  like  Staff  Trading,  Employee’s  conduct, 
Gift and Entertainment, declaration of outside activities etc. 
  Active  interaction  with  regulators  and  external  parties  to  support 
compliance’s  active 
role 
in 
regulatory  engagement  and 
development. 
  Conducting  regular  Compliance  Monitoring  Program  (CMP)  of 
BlackRock  Singapore  to  ensure  all  regulatory  and  operational  risk 
are addressed and reported. 

 

 
Trade Surveillance 
  Conducting  daily  checks  on  trade  surveillance  summary  report 
done by traders. 
Investigate on any anomalies done by the traders from the report. 
 
Marketing and Business conduct  
  Responsible  for  Marketing  and  Business  activities  for  entire 
BlackRock  range  of  products  (eg.  Mutual  funds,  ETFs,  Alternative 
Investments, Segregated Mandates) 
  Reviewing  of  Marketing  Materials  for  Singapore,  Malaysia,  Brunei, 
Thailand,  and  Philippines,  to  ensure  business  units  and  marketing 
are  conducting  business  activities  within  the  respective  country ’s 
regulation. 
  Advising  of  business  units  and  marketing  on  regulatory  issues 
relating to their business. 

 
Regional and Firm W ide Training 
  Conducted  Cross  border  Marketing  Training   focusing  on  the  Dos 
and Don’ts to APAC ETF business group. 
  Conducted  Annual  Compliance  Training  to  the  entire  BlackRock 
Singapore  and  Malaysia  office  to  educate  and   refresh  on  the 
compliance policies and procedures. 
  Conduct  new  hire  training  to  educate  new  hires  of  the  compliance 
policies and employee conduct. 

 
Regional Project Involvement 
  Conducted  Risk  Based  Thematic  Reviews  on  Singapore  entity, 
focusing on-   
o  Risk of Hybrid Trading 
Conducted  reviews  on  BlackRock’s  Investment  team, 
Trading  team,  Trade  Support,  and  Trade  Surveillance 
team  to  access  the  risk  of  Blackrock’s  Hybrid  traders 
conducting  unfair  trading  and  allocation  of  trades  to 
different  portfolios,  and  the  controls  in  place  to  prevent 
such activities.   
o  Regulatory Risk exposure,   
Conducted  Firm  wide  review  on  every  function  and 
business units of BlackRock Singapore  to access  the  risk 
of  regulatory  breaches  and  identification  high  risk  areas 
where BlackRock Singapore will have to address.    
Internal Outsourcing Review 
Conducted  firm  wide  review  of  BlackRock  Singapore  to 
access  the  risk  of  intra-group  outsourcing  and  if  the 
controls 
in  place  are  enough 
to  address 
the  risk 
exposures. 
  Completing  risk matrix  based  on  results  gathered  from  conducting 
firm  wide 
interviews  and  reviews  of 
internal  process  and 
procedures  and  reporting  of  Risk  Matrix  to  the  APAC  Compliance 
Risk and Control working group.   
  Presenting  and  updating  of  findings  and  new  regulatory  initiatives 
to the APAC and EMEA Compliance Risk and Control committee. 

o 

 

 
Work 
Accomplishments 
(Previous) 

 
April 2013 to 
April 2014 

 
Compliance Officer 
DIAM ASSET MANAGEMENT(Singapore)  
 
Stand  alone  Compliance  officer,  overlooking  all  Regulatory,  General  and 
Investment compliance issues and Operational risk of DIAM Singapore. 
 
Monitoring  and  reviewing  of  all  kinds  of  compliance  and  risk  control 
issues at DIAM Singapore. 
  Daily  monitoring  on 
fund 
trading  of  discretionary 
investment guideline, broker selection, trades done. 
  Regular  monitoring  on  investor  client  related  compliance  issues 
including KYC, AML.   
  Regular  monitoring  on  all  compliance  matters,  policies  and 
procedures.   

including 

 

 
Maintenance,  improvement  and  introduction  of  all  kinds  of  internal 
policies and guidelines at DIAM Singapore  
  Maintenance  and  improvement  of  established  internal  policies  and 
guidelines 
Introduced  new  internal  policies  and  guidelines   including  updating 
of  Compliance  manual,  Incident  and  error  report,  Conflict  of 
Interest,  Employee  Transaction  guideline,  Entertainment  and  gift 
exchanges  policy,  Insider  trading  policy,  BCP  Plan,  Risk  operation 
and Control policy and Broker selection pol icy. 
 
Committee and reporting 
  Chairing of monthly Compliance and Risk Management committee 
  Reporting  of  compliance  report  to  related  authorities  and  parties 
including regular monthly reporting to head office and submission of 
MAS  regulatory  reporting(Risk  Base  Capital  Adequacy)  through 
MASNET. 

 
Identification of Operational risk gaps and closing of gaps  
Introducing  of  controls  and  implementation  of  new  policies  if 
 
needed. 
  Ongoing  monitoring  and  identification  of  existing  risk  gaps  through 
risk scenario analysis and RCSA. 

 
Due Diligence   
  Conduct  Due  Diligence  and  onsite  visiting  on  material  outsourcing 
of  vendors  to make  sure  vendors  have  the  ability  to  carry  out  SLA 
agreements and better understanding of vendor ’s operation . 
 
Liaise with regulatory bodies and related partners 
  Main  liaison  officer  to  MAS,  Legal  counsel,  external  auditors  and 
head office internal control team. 
 
Compliance training and Fit and Proper checks 
  Ongoing  training  of  employees  on  compliance  issues  and  updates 
of internal policies and procedures 
  Continuous monitoring of Fit and Proper criteria of employees  
 

Internal and External Audit 
  Ongoing  liasing  with  external  auditors  on  preparation  on  external 
annual audit and regulatory audits. 
  Led  the Company  through  Internal, External,  and Regulatory  visits. 
Passed both audits with outstanding performance. 

 
Work 
Accomplishments 
(previous) 

 
April 2010 to 
April 2013 

 
Senior Funds Compliance Analyst 
Citibank N.A (Regional Funds Compliance Officer)  
Compliance Risk Function 
‾  Monitoring of portfolio transactions done by fund managers in regards to 
risk and compliance regulations. 
‾  Analyzing  and  providing  risk  management  information  of  investment 
portfolio. 
‾  Perform  risk  evaluation  and  controls  (Portfolio  duration,  portfolio  credit 
ratings,  exposure  of 
issuer  ect.) 
for 
investment  portfolios  with 
assortment of insurance companies and governmental pension funds. 
‾  Analyse  investment  and  transactional  activities  of  fund  managers  to 
ensure compliance with investment guidelines (SFC, MPF, CIS/MAS). 
‾  Report investment breaches to clients and regulatory reporting. 
‾  Keep a close tab on market and regulatory developments 
‾ 
Liaise with regulators to ensure mandate is up to date. 
‾  Provide  additional  advisory  to  other  department  and  client  on  portfolio 
compliance issues. 

 
Client Servicing function 
‾  Reporting of portfolio compliance reports to clients daily.  
‾  Service  and  build  relationship  with  regional  clients,  have  frequent 
interaction with regional offices and regional clients 
Identify potential issues for discussion with fund managers 
‾ 
‾  Handling  enquiries 
internal/external  clients,  regulators  and 
from 
auditors. 
 
Setting up compliance monitoring procedures  
  Rule  coding  and  implementation  of  new  funds  and  rules  into monitoring 
program. 

       
    Projects undertaken:  
Thailand Remediation Project 
  Review of checklists provided by auditors and comments made by them. 
  Compare regulations in checklist against prospectus  to confirm  if  there’s 
any discrepancies 
  Amend  checklists  and  code/update  monitoring  system  to  fund  specific 
checks.   
  Answer  any  queries  posted  by  Citi  Thailand  and  help  them  understand 
on specific procedures. 
  Project resulted in helping Thailand passing regulatory audit. 
 
Australia RFP Project 
  Provide  reports  to  Australia RM  to  and  help  answer  queries  and  to help 
clinch new clients from Australia market. 
  Customized  and  review  on  reports  requirement  to  gauge  if  certain 
requests can be done with existing system. 

 

Leadership skills 
and courses 

—  Mar to Jun 2005: Attended Reconnaissance Commander Course 
—  Dec 2004 to Mar 2005: Attended School of Infantry Specialist  
—  Sep 2004 to Dec2004: Attended Basic Military Training School 
— 
Jun 1999,2000: Attended Outdoor Consultants Leadership Program for 
Councilors 
—  Dec 1998: Attended National Community Leadership Institute 
(Responsibilities of leadership)   
June 1996,1997,1998:    Attended Camp Discovery Program For 
Leaders 

— 

 

 

 
IT Knowledge   
& Skills 
 

—  Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Powerpoint)  
—  VBA, SQL, C, C++, ASP.net   
—  Bloomberg knowledge 
—  Mig21 Monitoring System 
 

 
Language Skills 

 

 

 
Proficient in English and Mandarin  
 

 

 

