CURRICULUM VITAE 
CHEW SHEK LEONG (DEREK) 
 Mobile +65 9188 9266 
 Shekleong@yahoo.com 

 
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:  
 
  Chartered Accountant of Singapore 
  Certified Practising Accountant of CPA Australia  
  Bachelor of business in Accountancy from RMIT (SIM) 
  Diploma in Accountancy from Ngee Ann Polytechnic 
 
 
OVERVIEW  
 
I  have  over  20  years  working  experience  in  accounting  and  finance  in  both  commercial  and 
industrial.  I’m  a  Chartered  Accountant  (CA),  a  hands-on  professional  with  regional  exposure 
particularly  in  greater  China.  I’m  hardworking  and  perseverance  as  I  obtained  my  Bachelor  of 
Business in Accountancy in Year 1998 during my course of work and continue improving myself 
by  pursuing  professional  qualification  and  achieved  CPA  status  in  Year  2006.    I  can  work 
independently  and  possess  leadership  to  lead  the  finance  team  in  resolving  daily  operational  and 
financial issues. My overseas experiences have not only equipped me with an analytical mindset, 
both my  interpersonal  and communication  skills  are  also  enhanced where  I  acquired  the  abilities 
to deal successfully with cross cultural and regional issues.   

 

CARREER OBJECTIVES: 

Seeking a challenging and rewarding position in an organization which provides a dynamic 
working environment and career advancement opportunities as well as a career to develop myself 
to the fullest potential as a professional, in an effort to contribute to society. 

CORE COMPETENCIES:  

  Leading & Developing the Finance Team & Succession.  
  Set up accounting system from scratch and provide advice to management on FRS, 
Tax. 
  Budget and forecast preparation, monitoring of actual financial performance 
against budget or quarterly forecast with variance analysis.  
  Group consolidation; prepare/review correct and essential group consolidation 
financial reports for auditing and other use such as prospectus.  
Implementation of control procedures to minimize risk, improve operational 
efficiency and to achieve higher level of data integrity and completeness. 
  Cashflow planning & management for different entities located in different area to 
minimize financial risk.  
  Tax planning by managing corporate and transitional tax to minimize business costs 
and to lower the effective tax rate for the group. 
  Oversea exposure, leading finance team in various offices in PRC. 

 

 
 
 
 

 

1 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
CHEW SHEK LEONG (DEREK) 
 Mobile +65 9188 9266 
 Shekleong@yahoo.com 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

(1) ASIA AGRICULTURAL HOLDINGS PTE LTD (ASIA AGRI)   

(MAY 2012 – AUG 2016)  GROUP FINANCE MANAGER 

Asia Agri is a leader in navel orange production in China, with all of its plantations located in 
Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province. Apart from navel orange business, it is also involved in ancillary 
businesses, including the farming and sale of pig and chicken livestock as well as cultivation and 
sale of vegetables. 
 
I joined Asia Agri as Group Finance manager in 2012 reporting to Chairman/CEO and CFO. 
However, due to downsizing as a result of withdrawal of application for the listing of the 
Company on the Main Board of SGX-ST in Year 2014. I was then reporting to Chairman/CEO 
and handled all finance and administrative matters till finalization of accounts in Year 2016. 
 
My responsibilities were: 
  Overall  in  charge  Group  finance  functions  including  consolidation,  statutory 
reporting, costing, budgeting & forecasts with variances analysis. 
  Produce timely reports for the management and the equity investors. 
  Coordinate the annual Group audit by performing pre-audit detailed review, 
answering to queries from Group auditor, ensuring clean audit opinion and signed 
audit report. 
  Preparation of Board papers and attend the Board of Directors meeting. 
  Coordinate  with  overseas  subsidiaries  on  the  timely  submission  of  all  financial  and 
management accounts. 
  Review work processes, policies and procedures, identify areas of improvement.  
  Group Cashflow planning & management to minimize liquidity risk.  
  Ensuring group’s compliance in accounting and other regulatory requirements. 
  Preparation and filing of quarterly GST reporting,  
  Preparation  of  the  prospectus  as  well  as  coordinate  roadshow materials  and  assist  in 
addressing the questions from the IPO working group, private equity investors. 
  prepare both partial and full XBRL for filing of Annual Return  
  Liaison party with the IPO working group, private equity investors, bankers, internal 
and external auditors, valuers, company secretarial, tax agent and government 
agencies. 

 
Achievement: 
  Fast learner to pick up adequate knowledge on the operation and independently setup 
the  consolidation  templates  and  forecast  worksheets  for  group  reporting  and 
prospectus updating purposes. 
  Provided  good  financial  analysis  and  reliable  forecast  which  were  particularly 
important inputs for the IPO purposes. 

 

 

2 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
CHEW SHEK LEONG (DEREK) 
 Mobile +65 9188 9266 
 Shekleong@yahoo.com 

 
(2) IPACS CHINA PTE LTD (JUL 2006 TO AUG 2011) SENIOR FINANCE MANAGER 

IPACS,  a  SME,  is  a  full-fledged  information  technology  service  provider  which  provides  a 
comprehensive  suite  of  services  with  clients  mainly  in  PRC.  It  offers  solutions  and  services  in 
Systems  and  Technology  Infrastructure,  Industry  Business  Applications  and  IT  services.  It  is  a 
leading  business  partner  of  IBM.  Its  blue-chip  customers  include  Shanghai  Stock  Exchange, 
CITIC  Industrial  Bank,  Beijing  Bank,  Pufa  bank,  Shanxia  Electrical  Power  Corporation,  Civil 
Aviation Authority of China. 
 
I  joined  IPACS  as  Finance  manager  in  2006  to  lead  the  finance  and  contract  execution  (FCE) 
team in Singapore as well as in the overseas subsidiaries in Beijing and Shanghai.  
 
My main work scopes include: 
  Timely  preparation  of  Group  Consolidation  management  reports  in  accordance  with 
SFRS. 
  Prepare management meeting materials and present in monthly management meeting. 
  Cashflow management by moving funds and secure credit facilities if needed to minimize 
financial risk. 
  Conducting  regular  internal  audit  to  ensure  effective  internal  controls  and  process 
established  and  to  recommend  measures  for  improvements  and  strengthen  internal 
controls. 
  Coordinate  the  annual  Group  audit  by  performing  pre-audit  detailed  review,  setup 
consolidation  package  &  deadlines,  answering  to  queries  from  Group  auditor,  ensuring 
clean audit opinion and signed audit report. 
 Tax planning by managing corporate and transitional  tax  to minimize business costs and 
to lower the effective tax rate for the group.  
  Develop  and maintain  systems  for  recording,  accruing  and  analysing  all  items  of  income 
and  expenditure  and  reporting  these,  as  appropriate  to  the  Chief  Executive  Officer, 
Division Heads and Heads of Department.  
  Assist departmental managers in the preparation of annual budgets and targets.  
  Regular  project  cost  review  with  project  team  for  the  accuracy  of  project  financial,  this 
includes monitoring, analytical check & review and establishes a review procedure.  
  Review month  end  closing  activities  includes  cost  check;  cost  accrual,  work-in-progress 
and project revenue recognition.  
  Reviewing  of  sales  and  suppliers'  contracts  to  minimize  contractual  risks,  monitor 
contract status in delivery, document preparations and follow up on collection progress. 
  Monitoring  of  payments  in  accordance  with  contractual  terms  and  to  obtain  banking 
facility and trade financing such as letter of credit and performance bonds,  
  Monitor  usage  and  availability  of  banking  facilities  (Overdraft,  letter  of  credit,  trust 
receipts, banker’s guarantees and term loans). 
  To  act as a  liaison  party with  bankers,  auditors ,  company  secretarial,  tax agent and  other 
agencies.  
  Establish  good  banking  relationships  and  manage  liquidity,  interest  rates  and  foreign 
exchange risks.  

 

 

 

 

3 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
CHEW SHEK LEONG (DEREK) 
 Mobile +65 9188 9266 
 Shekleong@yahoo.com 

 
Achievement: 

  Able to pick up adequate knowledge on contract execution, by arranging financing,  letter 
of credit, handling of shipment from US to China via Hong Kong without any classroom 
training. 
  Built  up  from  scratch  the  contract  execution  status  worksheets  and  transfer  to  in-house 
application software. 
  Led the team to generate the financial numbers for closing of accounts for PRC 
subsidiaries and Singapore entity due to change in financial year-end. 
  Identified cost savings initiatives to support the business in delivering the numbers. 
  Ensured business compliance with Group policies and procedures, refined financial 
delegations, setup new procedures and controls to govern sales contracting. 

 
(3)  SEMBCORP  ENGINEERS  AND  CONSTRUCTORS  PTE  LTD  (MAR  1993  -  MAR 
2006) SENIOR ACCOUNTANT 
 
I  joined  SembCorp  Engineers  and  Constructors  Pte  Ltd  (SEC),  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of 
SGX listed conglomerate; SembCorp Industries (SCI) in 1993 as an Accounts Assistant.  
 
A)  Full set of accounts and system implementation (Mar 1993 – Apr 1998)  
(Accounts Assistant, Accounts Executive, Snr Accounts Executive) 

 

 

  Handled  Sembawang-Multiplex  Joint  Venture  full  set  of  accounts  and  projects 
Accounts payables. 
In-charge  of  accounting  system  upgrade  to  capture  GST  and  SAP  system 
implementation. 
In-charge and set-up of various Joint Venture projects (Singapore and Bintan) 
accounts and system  

 

 
The  following  were  my  relevant  post-graduation  experiences  and  responsibilities  with  the 
company. 
 
 
B)  Overseas experiences (PRC) (May 1999 – Jul 2003) Finance Executive 
 

  Assist departmental managers in the preparation of annual budgets and targets.  
  Preparation of annual business Budget, mid-year review and quarterly forecast. 
  Responsible for timely submission of management & financial reports.  
  Preparation of variances reports and to investigate abnormal and unusually items. 
  Cashflow management, arranged project financing to meet operational needs. 
  Tax planning to minimize business costs. 
  Compliance of local statutory requirements. 
  Corporate secretarial work including preparation of Board Resolutions. 
  Preparation of Board papers and present in board of directors’ meeting. 
 
Implementation of processes and procedures to comply with group policies. 
  Liaison with auditors, local tax bureau, bankers, lawyers and consultants. 

 

 

4 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
CHEW SHEK LEONG (DEREK) 
 Mobile +65 9188 9266 
 Shekleong@yahoo.com 

 
C)  Group reporting and Treasury (Jul 2003 – Mar 2006) Snr Accountant 
 

  Group reporting using Frango Consolidation software.  
  Preparation  of  group  annual  plan.  Mid-year  review  and  quarterly  forecast  with 
variances analysis. 
  Preparation of descriptive, management & financial reports for management. 
  Preparation of reports to meet holding company (SembCorp Industries)’s SGX listing 
requirements.  
  Group cashflow management and treasury management. 
  Liaison with external auditor and bankers. 
  Assist in preparation of Board papers for the Board of Directors’ meeting. 

 
Achievement: 
 

  Awarded company’s bursary with 3 years bond for my degree course in view of my good 
performance. 
  Able  to  cultivate  a  discipline  for  planning  and  budgeting,  organised  thoughts  in  work, 
developed multitasking, problem solving, sharp analytical and interpreting ability. 
  Driven and hands on personality, hence minimise disruption  to operation when  there was 
internal reorganisation. 
  Successfully implemented GST reporting in 1994. 
  Led Project Accountant for various Joint Venture projects  in Singapore and Bintan. Such 
as Four Season Hotel, MRT North East Line and Bintan Lagoon Resort. 
  Successfully setup accounting and costing system using SAP in a Joint Venture Company 
with Kumagai Gumi.  
  Successfully  dealt  with  Joint Venture  partner,  respective  relevant  authorities  and   led  the 
finance of a Joint Venture company in Tianjin and also a number of projects in Shanghai, 
Beijing, Guangzhou, Wuxi and Suzhou, with the implementation of financial delegations, 
policies, procedures and controls. 

 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 

  Gender   
 
  Nationality 
 
  Marital Status 
 
  Last drawn Salary  
  Expecting Salary 
 

: Male 
: Singaporean 
: Married 
: $7,800 
: $8,000 

 

5 

