 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 
Team player 
 
Meticulous 
Client Oriented   

 
 
Emily Wong Wan Qin 
Cellular Number: (+65) 9853 0164 Email Address: gnowy_lime@hotmail.com 
 
 
 
Skilled,  efficient  and  reliable  professional with  over  3  years  of  fund  accounting  experiences.  Consistently  deliver  timely 
and accurate work. Understands  client needs and  provide quality  client  support. Continuously  improve and  innovate  to 
streamline  current  processes.  Confident  in  dealing with  pressures of  deadline  and  intensive workload. Highly  analytical 
and is capable of solving complex issues and problems faced during work. A fast learner with strong work ethics. Proficient 
in fund valuation, data analysis and project management. Currently pursues the title of Chartered Financial Analyst Level 
Two. 
 
OBJECTIVE 
To  seek  a  challenging  and  growth  oriented  position  which  provides  me  with  self-development  and  job  satisfaction  by 
utilizing my skills and abilities to work towards the goal of the organization.  
 
KEY SKILLS 
 
Analytical 
 
Dynamic 
Positive Attitude 
 
EDUCATION 
National University of Singapore 
Bachelor of Business Administration  
Major in Finance 
 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
  
Bank of New York Mellon  
 
 
 
Senior Fund Accountant/Deputy Team Leader      
              Jan 13 – Present 
 
                                                  
  Reviewed  processing  of  accurate  and  timely  Net  Asset  Values  across  all  fund  types  in  accordance  with  industry, 
company and client standards.      
  Assisted Team Leader in resource strategic planning and process management. 
  Assisted in preparation of SLD and review of procedure manual and control procedures for accuracy and efficiency. 
  Participated in Business Continuity Project to test in a mimic contingency scenario, highlighted anomalies and provided 
test result summary. 
Key Achievements: 
  Engaged  in various projects  such as  system processes upgrades  testing, process enhancement  (UDT), new client ad-
hoc projects, managed and ensured smooth delivery and implementation.  
  Streamlined and enhanced work processes each year, effectively increase efficiency and reduce number of overtime 
hours of team.  
Identified  exceptions,  system  issues  and  problems  to  effectively  minimize  reporting  errors,  enhancing  accuracy  of 
reports.  
  Cross  team  training  -  Provided  assistance  to  the  data  team  to  ensure  data  and  prices  are  updated  correctly  as  per 
Bloomberg/IDC and in accordance with clients’ requirements. 
  Awarded BNYMellon Asset Servicing: Employee of the Quarter Award in 2012 
 
 
 
 
 

Self-motivated 
Proactive 
Technical savvy   

Aug 07 – Dec 10 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

Fund Accountant 
  Jan 11 – Jan 13 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Prepared daily, weekly and monthly valuations and Net Asset Values and other fund accounting output in accordance 
with agreed timetables. 
  Performed cash and holdings reconciliation and promptly investigate to correct any error and variances.    
  Understood the various treatments of complex financial instruments and corporate actions of Funds. 
Liaised with client and investment managers on operational issues and enquiries and assisted in preparation of training 
 
materials. 
  Assisted in preparation of performance reports to report on profitability to investors and management. 
 
                                                                         
 
 
 
Credit Suisse Group AG  
 Jan 10 – Jun 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sales Credit Intern           
  Ensured  accurate  and  timely  reporting  of  the  London deployed  reports  for  London  sales  teams which  include  daily, 
weekly and month end reporting. 
  Processed and  submitted Attributable Revenue Coverage  claims  for the Asia Fixed  Income Division and Equity Sales 
desks as well as new issue trades and futures trades for global marketers through the ARC system. 
  Revisited and automated existing reports and processes using applications such as MS access and Macros. 
  Participated  in  User  Acceptance  testing  for  ARC  system  enhancements  and  IT  releases  affecting  the  sales  credit 
systems. 

 
ORGANISATIONAL AND COMMITTEE EXPERIENCE 
Bank of New York Mellon 
 
 
 
Member, Dinner & Dance Committee 2012 
  Assisted in the planning and organizing of the company’s annual dinner and dance “BLING”. 
  Member of the games committee and assisted in the carrying out of the games and prizes during the night.  
Charity Bazaar 2011, the 1000th club 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Raised a total of more than $1000 for the beneficiaries in a day through collective team efforts and was awarded the 
prestigious 1000th club award. 

         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                

 
 
 
 
 
NUS Students’ Business Club 
Member, Bloomberg Analytics Summer Boot Camp 2010 
  Participated  in  the  week  long  program  to  gain  exposure  to  Bloomberg's  Financial  Sales  and  Analytics  department. 
Learnt and delivered mini presentations on a range of topics, including fixed income and equity fundamentals, interest 
rates and derivatives. 
Member, Bizad Abroad 2009 - Hong Kong 
  Went on a one week business trip to Hong Kong for corporate and universities visit to understand the regional working 
environment and how businesses in Hong Kong function. 
Member, RAGdezvous 2008  
  Participated in the three-month massive community project and raised a total of $504K for 20 beneficiaries through 
teamwork. 
  Won a total of 7 shields which include the most prestigious - NUS Chancellors’ Shield 2008, the official title of the Best 
Faculty for the NUS Business School, through collective team efforts. 

 
AWARDS 
  Certificate of Commendation for exemplary service rendered to co-curricular activities 2006 
  Social Service Platinum Award for completing 125.50 hours of Community Involvement Programme 2006.      
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
  Fluent in English, Mandarin (Written and Spoken) 
  Proficient  in  the  Microsoft  Office  Applications  which  includes  Visual  Basic  (Macros)  and  Microsoft  Access,  various 
accounting software, Bloomberg, IDC and Reuters. 

