Resume of Stephanie Chan YM 
 

Personal Particulars 

Name 

: Chan Yee Man, Stephanie (陳綺曼) 

Contact Number  : 6238 4680 
E-Mail address    : stephanie_kk2000@yahoo.com.hk 
 
Working Experience 
Secretary, ATR Manufacturing Ltd. 
ATR Manufacturing Ltd.– Directors 
(Oct 2016 – Aug 2017) 
 
Reporting Line: Directors 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  Responsible to provide secretarial and administrative duties to directors 
-  Handle correspondence telephone calls & emails 
-  Preparing agenda, minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings 
-  Arranging conference for the meetings including contact all attendees 
-  Provide off ice administration duties and f iling system management 
-  Arranging meeting schedules and documents signatory for directors 
-  Communicate with PRC Staffs 
-  Monthly reimbursement claims for directors (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel 
accommodation) 
-  Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the directors 
-  Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the overseas staffs/clients 
-  Handling ad-hoc & miscellaneous items for directors 
 
 
Personal Assistant, Global Star Carnival (HK) Limited 
Global Star Carnival (HK) Limited – Personal Assistant of C.O.O. 
(Sept 2015 – Jul 2016) 
 
Reporting Line: C.O.O. 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  The role and main contact person for C.O.O. 
-  Preparing agenda, minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings 
-  Arranging conference for the meetings including contact all attendees 
-  Arranging meeting schedules for the C.O.O. 
-  Arranging documents signatory for C.O.O. 
-  Preparing reports, presentation materials for C.O.O. 
-  Filing and handling of the related documents for the Company/C.O.O. 
-  Monthly reimbursement claims for the C.O.O. (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel 
accommodation) 
-  Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the C.O.O. 
-  Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the overseas staffs 
-  Handling ad-hoc & miscellaneous items for C.O.O., etc. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Secretary, China Assurance Finance Group Limited – (Listed in HK) 
China Assurance Finance Group Limited – Secretary of the Company & Directors 
(Jul 2011 – Jul 2015) 
 
Reporting Line: Listed Company of CAF & it’s subsidiaries in HK/PRC 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  The role and main contact person for the Company and its subsidiaries in HK/PRC 
-  Preparing agenda, board minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings 
-  Arranging conference/tel-conference for the board meetings including contact all 
directors 
-  Arranging documents signatory for Directors 
-  Preparing reports, presentation materials for Directors 
-  Preparing announcement, act the role and contact person with all legal/professional 
parties 
-  Arranging the submission of documents on the website of HKEx/The Company 
-  Communicate with the 3 Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company regularly 
-  Filing of the submission of documents from/to HKEx (both in box f ile and PC) 
-  Filing and handling of the engagement letter for the Company 
-  Communicate with Hebei/Xiamen Staffs 
-  Handling for the documents provided by Hebei/Xiamen (e.g. minutes, resolutions and 
amendment of contracts etc.) 
 
Reporting Line: Directors 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  The role and main contact person for the directors 
-  Arranging meeting schedules and documents signatory for the directors 
(e.g. minutes, resolutions, attendance sheets, etc.) 
-  Monthly reimbursement claims for the directors (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel 
accommodation) 
-  Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the directors 
-  Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the directors 
-  Personal payment cheques handling for Directors 
-  Consolidating and f iling of personal bank-in slip 
-  Handling ad-hoc & miscellaneous items for Directors, etc. 
 
 
 
Category Assistant, Dairy Farm Ltd Company (Wellcome) – Merchandising Dept. 
Dairy Farm Ltd Co. – Wellcome Fresh Food Centre 
(Jan 2009 – July 2011) 
 
Reporting Line: Managers 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  Perform operational daily routines of admin jobs 
-  Prepare clerical supports regarding reports, presentations, etc. 
-  Provide customer services and answer phone calls 
-  Stock ordering, communicate with store manager 
 
 
 
 

 
Clerk, United Overseas Bank (Commercial Card Dept., Credit Card Center) 
United Overseas Bank Limited   
(May 2007 – June 2008) 
 
Reporting Line: Vice President, Commercial Card, Credit Card Center 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  Perform operational daily routines of Corporate Cards, including card activation, 
replacement, cancellation, other credit cards related administrations and requests 
-  Prepare statistics and reports for management and compliance reviews 
-  Provide clerical support and logistical backup to Vice President on acquisitions of 
Corporate Cards and Purchasing Cards, including soliciting memos, coordination, billings 
and data processing. 
-  Provide customer services supports by answering inbound enquiry calls, e.g. transaction, 
statement reprint, sales draft, account balance; as well as by handling outbound follow 
up calls for documentation and facilitate customer relations 

 
Secretary, American International Assurance Company (Bermuda) Limited 
American International Assurance Company (Bermuda) Limited   
(Jul 2005 – May 2007) 
 
Reporting Line: District Director 
Role and Responsibilities: 
-  Provide personal assistance to District Director 
-  Provide clerical supports regarding policy claims, application processing 
-  Provide customer services and answer phone calls & handling personal stuffs, etc. 
 
Education 
Sacred Heart Canossian College of Commerce (2004 – 2005) 
Qualif ication Attended: Business and Administration Diploma 
 
Shun Lee Catholic Secondary School (F.1 – F.5) (1999 – 2004) 
Level Attended: Hong Kong Certif icate of Education Examination (Full HKCEE Certif icate) 
 
Other Qualifications 
-  Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Examinations Preparatory Programme   
(Corporate Governance – completed in May 2012) 
 
-  Wall’s Street Institute Hong Kong English School – General English, Advanced Level   
(completed in Aug 2009) 
 
LCCI Level 2 – Certif icate in Business Administration (Pass with Distinction) 

- 
 
- 

    (Pass with Distinction) 

LCCI Level 2 – Certif icate in Text Production   
 
-  Sacred Heart Canossian College of Commerce            (Leadership Award – Welfare 
Secretary) 
 
-  Spare-Time Study Centre                                                (Commercial English Conversation) 
 

-  Spare-Time Study Centre                                                (Chang Jei Chinese Input Workshop) 
 
Languages and Skills   
Languages 
-  Cantonese (both written and oral): Excellent 
-  Mandarin (both written and oral): Excellent 
-  English (both written and oral): Good 
 
Computer Literacy 
MS Word, MS Excel, Powerpoint, Chinese Word Processing 
 
Soft Skills and Personality 
-  Good communication skill 
-  Excellent interpersonal skill 
-  Hardworking, dedicated and committed 
-  Willing to learn and ready to accept new challenges 
-  Passionate and energetic 
-  Willing to travel occasionally 
 
Expected Salary and Availability   
Expected Salary: 23K or Negotiable 
Availability: Immediately 

 

 

