Sasha Bao 
Singapore | Phone: +65 9297 7565 | E-Mail: sasha.baocheng@gmail.com 

Experience 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  June 2015 - Present 

Investment Analyst and Project Manager 
Blackrun Ventures, Singapore & Worldwide 
Venture Capital Experience 
Deal  origination,  research  and  analysis  of  new  investment  opportunities  based  on  market,  segment  and  investment mandate. Market  and 
industry monitoring and updates. Financial statement analysis,  investment memorandum and presentation preparation. Leading several due 
diligence projects. Overseeing portfolio companies and supporting entrepreneurs with resources. Nurturing internal business group synergies 
and  participating  in  cross-functional  deals  and  projects.  Spearheaded  the  creation  of  an  investment  scorecard  and  internal  research/due 
diligence memos on potential investee companies, both utilized by senior management on their decision-making for potential startups. 
• 
Focus on Consumer Internet, Health & Wellness, Media & Entertainment and Social Impact/Gender Equality (UN SDG) sectors 
•  Mandarin localization: Translation of Eng language materials (in-part or full), liaising with notarized translators and Chinese legal counsel 
Private Equity/M&A Experience 
Working on structuring deals around micro- to mid-cap companies and their listing on secondary exchanges.  
Selected transactions: 
•  USD150m Business combination of Media and Entertainment properties into Group structure (pre-NASDAQ) 
o  Articulating  value  of  client  companies,  timeline,  milestones  in  investor  presentations  along  with  other  financial  advisors, 
participating  in  deal  process  (kick-off,  DD  etc.)  research  of  selected  precedent  transactions  for  comparables,  assisted  CFO  in 
preparing financial estimates. 
•  USD100m RTO of Nutraceutical companies into OTC-listed shell into Group structure 
o  Worked with  senior management  in  structuring  of  debt  instrument  for  ownership  of OTC  company,  led  financial  DD  on  shell 
company, created and circulated research memos, created forward looking projections for use in investor presentations 
•  Undisclosed Consumer internet/social networking platform (listed on ASX) sale to US company (OTC:BB) 
o 
Led due diligence process, management of data room and making of reference calls to company management  
Project Management 
Management of global projects such as the Half the World Global Literati Award, for which she is the Project Director. Spearheading strategic, 
operational day-today of the award, including investor and sponsorship relations, content and advertising strategy, managing IT vendors. 
  Jan 2014 – May 2015 
Strategy and User-Growth 
 
Campaign.com, Singapore & Jakarta 
The  world’s  first  multi-content type social  media  action  platform,  in the   advertising   and   movement  marketing  space. Recruited  into the 
founding team to build up our Singapore presence from scratch, in collaboration with our APAC team. Establishing and executing strategies for 
both Consumer and Client-facing portions of the business (B2B2C). UX/UI product development for the online platform. Spearheaded marketing 
and user-growth initiatives to shape platform community and increase user engagement. Achievements include increasing Singapore user count 
by 35,000 during summer 2014.  
 

Education

National University of Singapore 
Bachelors of Business Administration (Accountancy) & specialization in Marketing 
 
• 
Vice-President of 1st Student Council, NUS UTown College of Alice and Peter Tan 
• 
Student Welfare Director, 24th Management Committee, NUS Business School 
• 
Relevant Courses: Business Policy & Strategy (A), Asia Business Environment (A-), Leadership and Ethics (A-), Management and Org. (B+) 
Anglo-Chinese School (Independent)                                                                                                                                    
Jan 2008 – Dec 2009 
 
International Baccalaureate (Bilingual) 
Skills, Certifications and Interests 

Aug 2010 – Jan 2014  

 

 

Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin Chinese 
Additional Certification & Training:  
• 
Associate Member, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA);  
• 
Business and Financial Modelling, Wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania (via Coursera)  
Interests: Films, Pop Culture, Music, Yoga 

