PETER  DROLET     

 

 

 

 

 

  peterdrolet@yahoo.com 

 

 

5700 Drexel Court, Alta Loma, California  91701   (c) (310) 800-8250    

 

I am an institutional equities salesman with 16 years experience in Asian equities markets. I have a proven 
ability to penetrate and monetize major long-only and hedge fund managers, and exceptional account 
management and presentation skills. My equities research experience gives me rare effectiveness in the 
sale of equity research, independent idea generation and broad service provision to fund manager-clients. 

  
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Jan17 – present  BLD Consulting – Director, Regional Sales                                Los Angeles, CA 

  Director/Head Sales regionally/nationally for SAAS/data solutions to fire departments and emergency 
services providers. Driving rapidly growing sales of data solutions, integration, maintenance and 
management throughout the U.S. and internationally, through expanding suite of SAAS products and 
services. Early-growth success in generating revenue growth by many multiples and still accelerating.  

Mar16 – Jun16  Churchill Capital – Senior Institutional / Equity Sales                           Singapore 

  Asian Regional Equities, Merger-Arbitrage and Special Situation Sales / SalesTrading account 
management to long-only, hedge and sovereign wealth funds.   

Aug11 – Jun15  Shenyin Wanguo Securities – Director, Institutional / Equity Sales     Singapore        

  Penetrated  and monetized  research  and multi-asset  sales  to  lead  regional  broker  trading  revenue  with 
top-tier  global  long-only,  hedge  and  sovereign  wealth  funds,  with  greater-China  market  focus,  China 
government policy and sovereign risk assessment. ASEAN region commissions exceeded 7x base; 

  Produced,  distributed  and marketed  incisive  newsletters  and  hourly/daily  updates,  providing  both  deep-
dive and broad-spectrum industry research for generating alpha returns.  

  Marketing/placement of bonds, IPOs, secondary listings and merger-arbitrage opportunities.  
Sep09 – Nov10   Integreon - Country Manager / Director, Research & Analytics                 Manila 

  Supported  Morgan  Stanley  Regional/Global  Equity  Research  with  internal  teams  of  research  analysts, 
developers  and  QAs,  developing  and  maintaining  proprietary  web-scraping  robots  for  automated 
collection of target data. My teams originated and managed 150+ data-mining/research projects, acquiring 
and  presenting  proprietary,  public  or  time-series  data  via  web-scraping  robots,  resulting  in  invaluable 
investment insights for Morgan Stanley and institutional clients.  

  Successfully concluded service contract with Morgan Stanley for this offshoring service and managed all 
aspects of this new operation, including acquisition and installment of country office physical/hardware/IT 
assets, systems and processes, as well as all hiring, training and supervision of three functional teams.  

Sep08 – Aug09   Agricultural Bank of China – Independent Risk Officer                        Singapore        

  Senior Credit and Management Committees member, with voting and veto authority on all country/branch 
initiatives and all loans and credit extensions to corporate clients.   

  Created and presented daily macroeconomic research and risk assessments highlighting impacts during 
GFC for risk/returns of clients, regional economies and bank/branch investment portfolios. 

Sep07 – Jul08   Daiwa Securities SMBC – Vice President, Equity Sales                          Singapore        

  Equity research and multi-asset product sales/trading for ex-J Asia to global institutional fund managers.  

  Marketed and placed IPO and secondary equity placements of Singapore and Asian regional corporates.   
Jul04 – Aug07   UOB Kay Hian – Regional Aviation, Gaming Equity Research Head    Hong Kong    

  Sector head/analyst for Asia Regional Airlines. Published, distributed and marketed leading independent 
research and reports on Asia ex-Japan regional carriers, including mainland China airlines. 

  Sector Head/analyst  for  regional Gaming  industry  writing  and marketing  research  for  this  new  sector  in 
Asia  following  the  2004  opening  of Macau  gaming  to  international  operators.  Included  supervision  over 
research teams for China/regional Water/Waste sectors. 

         Equity Product Manager & Supervisory Analyst 

      

  Established/oversaw all aspects of production/distribution/marketing of new daily equity research product, 
from idea generation to editorial control, production and marketing. Produced very popular Talking Points 
daily column for hedge/trading focus.  

Sep02 – Jun04    Sabbatical / Charity work                                                                               Nepal 

  Sabbatical post-2001 recession and 9/11. Travelled, attended LSE and supported German-based charity 
Shaanti with corporate fundraising and financial accounting.   

Jul02 – Aug02      London School of Economics                                                                          UK 

  Studied Options & Derivatives (basics, pricing, structure of range of options and derivatives) and Valuation 
(corporate, equity, fixed income).                                                                                                                        

Oct00 – Jul01       CLSA (HK) – Asia Airlines Sector Research Analyst                        Hong Kong 

      

  Senior sector analyst. Initiated/published/maintained/marketed sector coverage and research and 
investment recommendations to global institutional fund managers. 

  Marketed and placed IPOs and secondary equity placements of Hong Kong, China and Asian regional 
corporates to global institutional fund managers. 

Apr00 – Oct00      UBS Warburg (Taiwan) – Research Analyst, Tech Hardware                 Taiwan 

  Sector research analyst for Taiwan tele-tech and internet service equipment equipment mfrs.  

  Senior analyst on UBS underwriting for Chung Hwa Telecom IPO August, 2000 

Jul94 – Mar00       The Boeing Company                                                                             California 

Supplier Management – Systems Development Specialist Mar96 – Mar00 

  Senior Staff to Director, USAF C-17A Program. Created/managed/reported to USAF oversight on material 
and manpower budgets; assisted in oversight of Engineering and Supplier Management divisions.  
Accomplishments included integrating financial and tracking systems for multiple engineering divisions 
and between Boeing and US Defense Department for control/reporting of engineering and financial data.   

  Achieved >30% reduction of spares inventories at USAF depot installations, resulting in expedited 
response/supply of emergency spares in support of wartime military airlift operations in Bosnia.   

Senior Finance Analyst Jul94 – Mar96                                                                                                                                        

  Financial controller for Engineering and Customer Support Divisions. Managed program budgets, lead 
Repair/ Replace program on Boeing Tanker. Screened /coordinated intercompany systems and operations 
with major suppliers, optimizing service, quality and technical/financial requirements.  

  Founding member in team establishing comprehensive Supplier Rating & Review Program, awarding 
gold, silver, bronze status on major/minor suppliers for quality, timeliness and overall performance. 

Feb93 – Jul94        Attention To Detail, Ltd. – Founding Owner, Managing Partner        California                             

  Exec leadership of auto detailing chain with multiple outlets through startup and growth stages.  
 
Nov90 – Feb93      Editor, English Instructor                                                                          Taiwan 

      Financial/business English editor and tutor for public/private/government and all age/skill levels.  
Aug88 – Nov90      McDonnell Douglas – Finance Analyst/Internal Controller                 California   

  Negotiated, budgeted and reported labor and material for USAF airlift program. Led and participated in 
multiple organizational transformation (TQMS) teams and processes.  

  Spearheaded overhaul of massive engineering drawings release system , overcoming 3-month backlog 
built up over years, reducing cycle time from  six weeks to nine days. 
EDUCATION: 

Jul02 - Aug02        London School of Economics (above) Finance, Valuation, Derivatives & Options 

Mar 2000               MBA, The Anderson School, UCLA – Finance and Logistics (Supply Chain) 

  Selected as Anderson International Management Fellow (IMF):  Shanghai, China  

Dec94                    Bachelor of Science, California State University Long Beach 

  BS Chinese History, European History. Minor Mathematics and Engineering 

 

 

Additional: Mandarin Chinese, with intermediate reading, writing and verbal proficiency with high functionality.   

