Takorn “Ohm” Khempila       
           
tkhempila@gmail.com      +66 81 665 4791                                                                                            
588/117 Setthasiri Onnut-Srinakarindra Chaloemphrakiat Rama 9  Rd 
Prawet Bangkok 10250 Thailand  
 
EDUCATION  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INSEAD, Master of Business Administration (MBA), Full-Time Program                                                                December 2017 
Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connecticut, United States of America                                                                      May 2010 
Bachelor of Arts  
Major: Economics 
GPA: 3.74/4.0 
 
 
 
Coursework: Money, Banking and Financial Markets, Macroeconomic and Microeconomic Analysis, Open Economy 
Macroeconomics, Healthcare Economics, Advanced Calculus, Social Psychology, Human Memory, Advanced Mandarin 
 
  Wesleyan Freeman Asian Scholarship, a full four-year scholarship awarded annually to one outstanding candidate from 
each of eleven Asian countries on the basis of exceptional academic achievement and proven leadership skills.     2006- 2010 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Senior Associate, Business Development & Marketing,  ANDAS TELECOM                                     November 2014-Present 
•  Led team of 4 to build and execute USD 1M marketing campaign for Internet subscription business. Revolutionized 
marketing strategies, resulted in increased internet subscription by 30% 
•  Collaborated with the general manager in financial planning and performing revenue and cost analysis. 
•  Founded a new business unit in IT consulting to provide technical solutions for corporate clients to maximize internet 
bandwidth usage. Resulted in US$ 0.5M profit. 
•  Acquired twelve new corporate clients and formed new relationships in IT consulting services with existing clients. 
 
Senior Associate, Derivatives Delta One Sales Trading,   MACQUARIE SECURITIES 
September 2013-October 2014  
•  Collaborated with various stakeholders in Australia, Taiwan, USA and local regulators, Securities and Exchange 
Commission Thailand and Bank of Thailand to issue new financial product, Index Warrant to be listed on the Stock 
Exchange of Thailand for the first time in Thailand’s capital market history. 
•  Analyzed market fundamentals, and contributed trading and hedging strategies. Resulted in 10 million USD profit. 
•  Led team of 4 to run sales and marketing campaigns with budget of US$ 0.5M to increase market share in Equity 
Derivatives business.  
•  Pioneered Index Warrant market in Thailand, resulted in Macquarie’s Index Warrant market share ranked first by 
trading volume.  
•  Collaborated with traders based in Singapore to execute trades and buy and sell derivative warrants.  
•  Developed expertise in options, future products and advised clients on warrant trading based on their investment 
objectives.  
 
Prime Brokerage Client Service Senior Analyst,   CREDIT SUISSE SINGAPORE 
  August 2012-August 2013 
•  Appointed to manage 25 international hedge fund accounts, based in Japan, Australia, USA and Europe. 
•  Selected to be the first point of contact to handle clients’ queries regarding trades, asset servicing, collateral 
management, stock loan and asset movements.  
•  Worked in direct partnership with stock loan traders to execute trade to cover client’s short positions. 
•  Advised clients based on corporate actions that took place in their accounts and after their subscriptions to the initial 
public offerings in the primary market.  
•  Monitored margin swing and advised clients on investment financing options in order to maximize return on capital.  
•  Advised clients about regulatory changes in trading in international markets and forecasted future circumstances that 
will have an impact on their investment plans.  
 
Business Analyst,   DEUTSCHE BANK SINGAPORE 
•  Analyzed regulatory reporting requirements for Foreign Exchange business in Singapore. 
•  Led team of 3 to validate large pool of data to ensure accuracy and timeliness of the regulatory reports submitted to 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
•  Led and completed a 6-month finance regulatory reporting project within 3 months, reporting foreign exchange 
business transactions among financial institutions who traded with Deutsche Bank.   
 
 
 
Equities Sales Support Analyst,   GOLDMAN SACHS SINGAPORE 
  June 2010-Sept 2011 
In charge of cash equity single shares and program trading executions. Worked in partnership with institutional 
• 
clients, hedge funds and sales traders to ensure trades were executed in the best interest of clients.  
•  Handled clients' queries, analyzed their needs, and delivered exceptional services to maintain client relationships. 
Analyzed business processes and followed through on efficiency initiatives to manage high volume transactions. 
•  Advised institutional clients and hedge funds on strategic asset allocation given their investment portfolio objectives 
and the capital market conditions.  

April 2012-August 2012 

•  Collaborated with sales to onboard 20 new clients and formed new business relationships at Prime Brokerage 
business. 
 
COMMUNITY SERVICE 
 
Teacher, temples, schools in Bangkok and in the remote areas of Thailand            
                       Spring 2004-Present 
          
Teach basic, conversational English, Japanese and Mandarin to Buddhist monks and elementary school students in 
low-income schools that lack native speaking teachers. 
 
Fund Raiser, Fast-A-Thon, Middletown, Connecticut, United States of America 
   Fall 2006-2010 
   
        
 
Advertised a charitable event that benefits a local food bank. Persuaded Wesleyan students and faculty members to 
fast for one day and donate their meal costs. Collaborated with other students and raised approximately US$ 10K.  
 
SKILLS AND INTERESTS 
 
Computer: Bloomberg Terminal, Advanced Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Professional, Mail Merge, Dreamweaver 
Languages: Fluent in English, Thai; Proficient in Japanese and Mandarin (both reading and writing) 
Interests: Piano, Classical Singing, Italian-Thai Cooking, Thai-boxing, Tennis, Barista, Bee Keeping 
 
 
 
 

