Name: Jason Chan
Email Address: ksjasonchan@gmail.com
Contact Information: +852 6095 2792
EDUCATION: 
Feb 2007 – Mar 2010

University of New South Wales (Australia)

EXPERIENCE: 

Treasury Product Controller, Bank of America Merrill Lynch

Sep 2016 – Current
Responsibilities:
 Review and complete analysis of daily risk-based PnL and net interest income including commentaries, 
explanation of Actual vs. Flash P&L variances, P&L attribution
The products covered include Money Market instruments, FX and Interest Rate Derivatives and Fixed Income.

 Complete reconciliation between front office systems and sub-ledger as well as the firm’s general ledger.   
Participate in the month end closing process, including comprehensive PnL review, reconciliation of daily 

P&Ls back to the GL and posting of journal entries
Produce monthly MIS reporting and ad-hoc reporting requested by Business and other finance groups

Ensure a smooth and rigorous process to support the new products, with necessary controls in place

Actively liaise with support partners such as Trading desk, Finance, Operations, Technology and Compliance. 

 Maintain documentary control processes to provide assurance that all policies and procedures are being 
adhered to.
 Drive P&L production re-engineering and controls enhancements
 Manage projects supporting geographical expansion, global strategic migration and other ad-hoc projects.




Equities Product Controller, Standard Chartered Bank

Jul 2015 – Aug 2016
Responsibilities:
 Monitor and validate daily analysis of Equity Derivatives’ P&L to Trading desks and management, products 
include equities, futures, warrants, vanilla options, exotic option, equity swaps, structured notes, accumulator.
Provide daily commentary about the performance based on P&L attribution parameters(Greeks)
Ensure accuracy of the trade booking and the support of the  lifecycle of events on the products as well as the 
verification of structured/exotic product set up
Perform proper month end closing process and monitoring the balance sheets to explain any fluctuations and 
variations. 
 Organize a monthly meeting with traders to go through all P&L issues during the previous month
Perform various control reconciliation on critical elements including positions reconciliation, off-market rate 

check and work closely with the valuation control team for Independent price verification or price testing 
adjustment.
 Contribute to New Business initiatives including active participation to on-board a new product & defining MO 
work flow, analysis/advice around booking strategies & operational procedures
Participate to global projects related to MO or P&L processes improvements. 
Liaise closely with Technology, Operation and Finance to solve system constraints and all downstream issues






Fund Accounting Specialist, JP Morgan

Aug 2013 – Jul 2015
Responsibilities:
 Review and sign off on Net Asset Value calculations of hedge fund/ fund of funds/private equity in compliance 
with all controls in validated and approved status on exception based system (EMS).
 Monitor cash, stock positions and overall liquidity of the fund and perform reconciliations on daily basis.
 Resolve settlement issues, trade discrepancies and processing questions with clients, fund managers, prime 
brokers and internal processing team.
 Monitor and advise fund manager on upcoming corporate action events and collateral movements
Ensure accuracy of ledger in processing fund subscription and redemption orders

 Work closely with the internal regulatory & compliance teams to ensure full procedural compliance
 Work on projects to enhance operational efficiencies through re-engineering; workflow automation, oversight 
functions, periodic procedure reviews and risk control documentation.
Provide technical knowledge and support to resolution of operational issues in accounting, reporting, audit 
and clients relationships



Senior Fund Accountant, HSBC

Aug 2010 – Jul 2013
Responsibilities:
Prepare Net Asset Value calculations, interim and year-end financial statements under US GAPP or IFRS as 

well as performing more complex fund accounting functions that related to Hedge fund and Private Equity 
fund.
Perform accurate and prompt processing of transactions, prime broker statement reconciliation alongside with 
the corporate action booking and short position processing, day-to-day funding activities and liquidity 
management.
 Coordinate with the risk departments to ensure appropriate documentation, limits and risk mitigates to protect 
against a counterparty default and minimize potential losses
 Review SPV financial statements and the working documents for private equity valuation
Perform Capital Gain Tax and Withholding Tax assessment for China A-shares.

 Handle daily client inquiries independently and collaborate closely with team members across the network 
globally to provide assistance for audit purposes
Perform client trend and profiling analysis based upon current client static data for best practice design and 
process implementation.





PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION AND ADDITIONAL SKILLS
 CPA Australia qualified
 Geneva, VBA Macro, Bloomberg, Reuters, Citrix based system

OTHER INFORMATION

Notice Period 
:
1 month notice
Expected Salary: 
Negotiable 
Current Remuneration: 12 Months (Guarantee pay) + Bonus 
Languages
:
Fluent in English, Cantonese and Mandarin

2

