XIE TENGYU                Mobile: (+65) 92255001                    Email: xie.tengyu.2014@gmail.com 
 
Education 
  Professional Certificate 
  Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Level 1 
  Bachelor of Engineering (Industrial & Systems Engineering), Honours, National University of 
Singapore (NUS),  Singapore. 
  PRC Undergraduate Scholarship 
  Second Class (Upper) 
Student Exchange Programme, Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany. 

    Aug 11 to 
Jun 15 

Jul 16 

Science Stream, Victoria Junior College,  Singapore. 
  Ministry of Education Pre-University Scholarship 
Work Experience 
  Fixed Income Specialist, Bloomberg L.P., Singapore. 
  Assisted clients daily with fixed income-related data and analytic queries covering topics ranging from 
credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, convertible bonds, inflation-linked note to vanilla bond with 
a resolution rate of 30% higher than global peer average. 
  Constantly kept in touch with clients by providing Bloomberg Terminal function-based trainings and 
seminars, as well as phone campaigns to promote new functions and entrench client usage. 
  Designated advocate for Bloomberg Launchpad and was in charge of the escalated queries regarding 
Launchpad function. 
  Educated new analysts through internal training and seminars on syndication loans and money 
markets. 
  Finance Intern, Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Singapore. 
  Automated previously-manual creation of material consumption report through Excel VBA and 
PowerPoint which reducing the time required to generate such report by half. 
  Analyzed pricing data from subcontractors using 2 different calculation methods with Excel to 
facilitate the price negotiation with the subcontractors resulting in cost-savings for the company. 
  Created a budget control excel sheet to monitor expense data against the budget to accurately control 
the spending cost for 3 consecutive months together with another colleague. 
  Finance Intern, SJET Supply Chain Co., Ltd, China. 
  Liaised with bankers for daily cash transaction with 100% accuracy to guarantee normal cash flow of 
the company. 
  Customer Service Intern, China Galaxy Securities, China. 
  Provided know-hows to customers on the use of the company’s stock trading software and 
supported the opening of trading accounts to improve customer experience and increase operational 
efficiency. 
  Tax Complier, KPMG, Singapore. 
  Drafted over 100 personal tax forms without mistakes and with high efficiency. 
Co-Curricular Activities 
  Outgoing Exchange Manager, AIESEC, Singapore. 
  Organized and led exchange trips for student members of the Singapore Chapter, by liaising with 
AIESEC chapters from other countries, leveraging on the vast internal network of the world’s largest 
youth-run non-profit organization. 
  Planned and organized exchange experience sharing sessions by preparing logistics, marketing and 
being one of the speakers to promote AIESEC overseas exchange programmes to NUS students. 
  Residence Cluster Leader, NUS Prince George’s Park Residence, Singapore. 
  Spearheaded and organized cluster meeting, kitchen cleaning and coordinated fire drill in the 
residence to enrich residential life of other residents and ensure safety of the residence. 
  National 8th Place, Citi Foreign Exchange Competition, Singapore. 
  Clinched 8th position nationally on this trading competition with a high P&L as a team (with another 
NUS student). 

 

1 / 2 

Apr 14 to 
Aug 14 
Jan 09 to  
Dec 10 

Jul 15 to 
present 

  Dec 13 to 
Feb 14 

  Jul 13 to 
Aug 13 

 Nov 12 to 
Dec 12 

 Mar 11 to 
Jun 11 

     Dec 11 to
 Dec 12 

    Aug 12 to 
Dec 12 

Oct 11 

XIE TENGYU                Mobile: (+65) 92255001                    Email: xie.tengyu.2014@gmail.com 
 
  Volunteer, Singapore Youth Olympics, Singapore. 
Aug 10 
  Prepared logistics and controlled the traffic flow on the street with other volunteers to ensure 
smooth competition process for athletes and the success of the Olympics Games. 
Skills and Other Information 
  Professional software:  Bloomberg Terminal, Microsoft Office Suite, Excel VBA,C & C++ 
 
  Multi-lingual: Mandarin Chinese (native), English (proficient), Teochew (native), Cantonese (fluent), German 
(elementary) 
  Broad interests: Stock Trading, Chinese Calligraphy (numerous awards), Basketball 

 

 

2 / 2 

