 

YU MORIKUNI 
Flat D, 7th Floor, Brilliant Court, 8 Kennedy Street, Wan Chai, Hong Kong 
Mobile: +8592403939    E-mail: yu.morikuni@gmail.com 
PROFILE                                                                             
  Fluent in Mandarin Chinese, Japanese and English, reading and writing. 
  Strong oral and written communication skills; efficiently communicate with senior management and peers. 
  Multilingual client service representative focus on off shore alternative investment funds. 
  Comprehensive  knowledge  of  regulations  related  to  Sales  and  Research  activities  on  sell  side  and  the 
applicable monitoring control framework from role of Internal Audit. 
In-depth understanding of retail mutual fund sales distribution process.                                           
 
EDUCATION                                                                                                                                                   
Imperial  College  Business  School                                                                                                          London,  UK                                                     
MSc  Management                                                                                                                            2012/10-2014/10 
Finance, Business Economics, Accounting. Optional pathway Energy Business 
King’s  College  London,  University  of  London                                                                                    London,  UK                                                                                         
International  Pre-Master's  Programme,  Business  Management  and  Marketing                                  2010/9-2011/6 
Waseda  University                                                                                                                                Tokyo,  Japan 
Bachelor  of  Education  in  Media  Culture  &  Society                                                                              2006/4-2010/3 
  GPA 3.6; Graduated with the second highest ranking in a class of 50 students 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                   
Apex Fund Services (HK) Ltd.                                                                                                                  Hong Kong       
Client Services Officer - Japan coverage                                                                                                  2016/5-Present 
  Responsible for client service operation of 9 Japanese Hedge Fund and Private Equity clients with 13 off shore 
funds of approximately 1 billion USD in AUM. 
  Apply  comprehensive  knowledge  of  investment  strategies  to  compile  fund  accounting  and  NAV  reports  for 
wide  range  of  alternative  investment  funds.  Effectively  interface  with  Japanese  portfolio  managers  and 
investment professionals. 
  Develop and  translate  in Japanese  for the first time marketing material, company website, NAV statements and 
contract notes. 
  Review KYC  and AML  documents  to  ensure  all  compliance measures  and  investor  guidelines  are  strictly met 
during onboarding process. 
  Actively  building  relationships  with  intermediaries  and  referral  sources  by  attending  industry  conference  and 
company events to identify potential business opportunities. 
 
Societe Generale Securities, Hong Kong Branch.                                                          Hong Kong, 2015/5-2016/4                                                                                                                 
Societe Generale Securities, Tokyo Branch.                                                              Tokyo, Japan, 2014/9-2015/4 
Business Internal Auditor                                                                                                                   
  Assisted head of mission in planning and fieldwork in various jurisdictions in APAC. 
- 
Identified  key  risks  and  controls  embedded  in  business  line  processes  or  lack  thereof  by  working  closely 
with various stakeholders, constructed testing regimens. 
-  Planned  and  executed  the  sampling  phrase,  conducted  the  analysis  on  the  result  in  order  to  identify 
potential  findings  and  recommendations.  Eg,  analyzed  more  than  6000  trade  alerts  of  smartbroker  reports 
for 7 exchanges relating to DMA/SDMA activities. 
-  Presented findings to regional and global head of audit as well as business line owners. 
  Performed  regulatory  watch  exercise;  keep  team  updated  regarding  market  news  or  significant  regulatory 
changes  which  associated  with  SG  business  operations,  integrated  with  mission  work  or  risk  assessment 
process. 
  Facilitated 2016 risk assessment process of more than 500 entities in APAC in order to develop the 2017 annual 
audit plan. 
  Managed and published 28 issues of regional weekly internal newsletter. 
  Took leadership initiative by arranging various team building events, boosted the engagement and interaction of 
the department 
  Audit involved: Capital Markets Sales, Asset Management, Research Activities, Compliance, Prime Brokerage 
Service, Accounting, FSA Inspection Business Improvement Plan.   

 
Nikko  Asset  Management  Co.,  Ltd.                                                                                                    Tokyo,  Japan  
Internship  at  Investment  Trust  Sales  Planning  &  Management  Dept.                                                  2014/2-2014/7                                                                                                                             
  Assisted  sales  team  by  preparing  presentation  material,  providing  market  data,  forecasts,  new  product 
information relating to distributors or client service requests. 
  Performed  weekly/monthly  analysis  of marketing  strategies  and KPI  reporting  to meet  changes  in  distributors 
and clients trends or company measures. 
  Facilitated  monthly  regional  meeting  by  scheduling  with  senior  management  in  other  locations,  preparing  the 
meeting  materials  and  outcome  documents,  enhanced  transparency  of  the  Division’s  objectives  and 
achievements.   
  Conducted  analysis  and  presented  the  review  of  the  investment  approach  by  formulating  the  firm`s  FY2013 
annual  investment  outcome,  resulting  in  convincing  evidence  that  managers  should  be  given  more  time  to 
improve local banks distribution performance. 
  Coordinated  the  semi-annual  product  demonstration  event  for  more  than  100  prospective  clients,  including 
local and remote attendees, organized all logistic, confirmed facility arrangements, managed catering needs. 
 
SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS                                                                                                           
Languages: Native in Mandarin Chinese and Japanese, Fluent in English.   
Member of    HKFSA, HKSI and 100 Women in Hedge Funds. 
Certifications: CFA Level 1 candidate, JSDA Sales Representatives Class 1, JSDA Internal Administrator.   
IT Skills: Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, SAP, Paxus. 
Interests: Toast Masters, Traveling, Yoga and Salsa. 

