 

 
 
3 River Valley Close #08-02 
Singapore 238429 
 
 

 

MARISCA HOSANG 

 
        

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

    Email: m4risca@hotmail.com 
                        Mobile: 91163485 

 

    June 2012 - May 2015  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Bank of New York Mellon, Singapore 
 
 
 
 
Fund Accountant 
•  Ensured thorough preparations, checks on bank and securities reconciliations and timely 
delivery of NAV calculations on a daily basis. 
•  Prepared regular financial statements for mutual funds of BNYM’s clients. 
•  Handled multiple client relationships with trustee, investment manager, custodian, transfer 
agents and customer service representatives. 
•  Ensured accurate calculations and getting necessary approvals for timely payments of fees. 
•  Assisted in operational set up of new mutual funds within the team, by reviewing of fund 
memorandum and liaising with various departments to ensure timely set up. 
•  Provided creative inputs to better improve work processes for efficiency purposes and during 
corporate events, such as bowling night, charity bazaar and get-fit day. 
United Overseas Bank, Singapore 
        February 2011 - April 2012 
 
 
 
 
 
Personal Banker 
•  Acquired  an  average  of  20  successful  clients monthly  through  tele-consulting  and  referrals, 
exceeding monthly targets. 
•  Wealth planning for prospects with set objectives and budget. 
•  Handling  ad-hoc  client  queries  relating  to  financial  products  and  services  such  as  insurance, 
unit trusts, structured deposits, gold & silver, securities trading, credit cards, FX and bonds. 
•  Actively promote bank’s programmes such as client acquisition to privilege banking.  
•  Mentoring new in-branch bankers. 
 

EDUCATION 

ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATES 
Singapore College of Insurance 
                          Feb 2011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rules And Regulations  For  Financial Advisory  Services  (M5), Life  Insurance And  Investment-
Linked Policies (M9) and Health Insurance (HI) 
TERTIARY EDUCATION 
National University of Singapore 
 
Bachelor of Arts in Economics 
Relevant courses: Econometrics, International Finance, Environmental Economics, Macro and 
Microeconomics, Labour Economics, Managerial Economics, Industrial Organisation, Public 
Finance, Money and Banking. 
 

         Jul 2007 - Jul 2010 

 

 

 

 

 

Languages: 
Computer Skills: 
 

SKILLS 
Fluent in English, Mandarin and Bahasa Indonesia 
Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Enterprise 

 

PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENTS 
  Lead a team of ten in volunteer project to help the elderies (Habitat Project) in 2014 
  Organising committee of Christmas with Kids in 2013 
  Organised and conducted fundraisers in Overseas Community Involvement Project to St.Melanie 
Orphanage, Indonesia in 2005 
 

REFERRALS 
  Lina Layarta, Senior Accountant, BNY Mellon, lina.layarta@bnymellon.com 
  Nelson Low, Business Branch Manager, UOB Bukit Panjang Plaza, Tel : +65 6765 7031 
 
 

 

