GABBY SADKI
Email: gabbys85@gmail.com
UK Tel: +44 7412602814
Skype: gabito495

PROFILE

An  articulate  and  highly  motivated  individual  with  a  demonstrated  track  record  of  achieving  results 
within varied  roles within  the  financial sectors. A committed and energetic  team player, accustomed 
to working under pressure and able  to use own  initiative. Outstanding marketer,  communicator and 
negotiator  with  excellent  business  and  marketing  understanding  seeking  a  challenging  role  with 
opportunities for development. in a  GGC based asset management organisation. 

Relevant Skills and Experiences 



10  years  of  experience  in  the  Middle  East  and  Europe  across  multiple  sectors  including 
Media, Investors Relations, Insurance ,Real Estates, Islamic finance and Asset Management 

 Extensive  local  cultural  knowledge  regulatory  and  geopolitical  landscape  of  the  Arab 
countries

 Advisor  to  certain GCC  investors’  broad  and  significant  relationships  with GCC  government 
bodies, mid-size institutions and leading executives

 Raised $ 100m worth of asset in less than 4 years

Past Roles 

2013 -2016 Associate Director, Asset Management, Bank of London and the                         
Middle East, Dubai

 Responsible  for  the  Asset  Management/  Fixed  Income  distribution  to  clients 
(Financial  institutions,  Global  Asset  Managers,  Reinsurance,  Pension  funds, 
Family offices, IFAs, Insurance , wholesale banks) based in Kuwait, Oman, UAE
Increased by 53 % third party investors through signing up new relationships

 Provided with new ideas for Asset Management products and actively contributed 
to the design of the 5 year Asset Management Business Plan and Budget
 Cross selling opportunities with Corporate Banking and Treasury divisions

Page 1 of 2

2011- 2013 Senior Relationship Manager, Qatar Islamic Bank, London 

 Raised assets from institutional  investors (Private Banks, Investment firms, family 
offices,  and  pension  funds)  within  the MEA  institutional market  with  strong  focus 
in the Kuwaiti, Omani, Qatar and European markets. 
 Promoted  fixed  income,  structured  note  products  and  real  estate  investment 
opportunities meeting existing and new clients.
 Established, maintained and developed a portfolio of clients from scratch to $45m 
worth of assets. . 
 Supervised the delivery of legal agreements and financial documentations liaising 
with clients and legal divisions.

2010-2011    Business Development Manager, Precision IR, London

  Maintained and developed a portfolio of French blue chip accounts (CAC 40).
  Front facing meeting with existing and new clients (CFO, CEO, IRO).  
  Developed  customised  investor  relation  solutions  and  selling  quantitative   
investor targeting tools. 

2009 - 2010 Financial Advisor, Nexus Financial Services, Bahrain
 Promoted  and  sold  financial  and  protection  products,  consistently  meeting 
sales targets.
 Contacting  corporate  and  individual  clients,  arranging  business  meetings  and 
sealing best possible deals.
 Gained  clear  understanding  of  client’s  business  requirements,  delivering  best 
return for investment.

2005 - 2009 Account Manager, Ink Publishing, Gulf Air, London

 Responsible  for  the  launching  and  marketing  of  the  Gulf  Air  in-flight  magazine 
and  associated  ambient  media  (business  lounge  sponsorship,  web  site, 
ambient in the aircraft).
 Negotiated contractual agreements and closed out business sales.
 Achieved the status as the most productive junior sales executive of the team.

Education 

Investment Management Certificate, Chartered Financial Analyst

 Award in Financial Planning , Chartered Insurance Institute
Islamic Financial Qualification , Chartered Institute for Securities Investment

 BA (Honours) in International Business, Sup de Co Montpellier, France. 
 BA (Honours) in International Business, Manchester Metropolitan University 
Business School. 2:1, UK 
Languages spoken- English, French, Spanish and Arabic



Page 2 of 2

