 
Mobile phone: 5511 0006 
Email address: sunnywong1989@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: nz.linkedin.com/pub/sunny-wong/53/66a/7b2/ 

Sunny Wong   
 
POSITION APPLY: Fund Operations, Officer. 
 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
A trustworthy and creative CPA Australia member who is looking to take up a challenging role where I can gain experiences in a 
professional environment to build upon my academic knowledge  and gain in-depth understanding of Fund Accounting sector. Having the 
ability to learn quickly and pay high attention to details to ensure I am providing exceptional results for the  organisation and its clients. 
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 
Strong Accounting background and learning 
enthusiasm  
 
CPA Australia certificate holder. 
 
Fund Accounting and External Audit background. 
 
Able to work autonomously and as part of a team. 

Information Management background  
  Advanced PC and system skills including 
knowledge of MS tools, Bloomberg terminal, 
Reuters Eikon and various accounting software. 
Fast learner of new systems.  

 

 
EDUCATION: 
2016-Present 
Certified International Investment Analyst (EQC) Scheme                                                                                                 ACIIA 
2012- 2017 
CPA Program-Professional Level                                                                                                                               CPA Australia 
2008- 2012  
 
 
 
                                                    
                                                          
Bachelor of Business and Information Management  
University of Auckland 
(Majoring in Accounting and Information Management) 

 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
 
2014 Jan-2015 Feb 
Position: Audit Associate 
Duties: Perform audit work and prepare financial reporting and disclosure statements in relation to client’s business  
in accordance with statutory requirements for more than 30 SME and Private Entities clients (include investment 
properties, medical supplies and non-profit organization). 
 

                            K S Li & Company CPA Limited  

 

 

 

 

                                         Bank Consortium Trust Company Limited  

2015 Jul - Present 
 
 
Position: Associate  & Senior Associate  
Duties: Manage and maintain portfolios’ records for MPF and ORSO schemes. Calculate fund expenses and fees 
accrual. Prepare pre-valuation checking on a daily basis to ensure security prices, corporation actions are accurately 
updated and comply with regulations and trust deeds. Assist in coaching new members in performing fund valuation 
and other fund administrative works on a timely basis. Prepare financial statements and supporting documents to 
auditors and regulatory in accordance with their needs.  
 
Other Relevant Skills and Interest 
 
Presentation skills- Have created and ran numerous training workshops for newcomers of NGO. 
 
Spoken languages- Good English and Fluent Chinese Speaker (Cantonese and Mandarin) . 
 
Travel enthusiast- have travelled to China, Japan, Singapore and Australia. 
 
REFERENCE: 

Jennifer Chan                                               
Dickson secretarial services limited        
Company Secretary 
Work number: 2815 0707 

 

1 

