Matthew Edward Corbin, BSc. (Hons) Lon, Dip. (ITM) TEP 

Personal Details: 
Nationality: British Citizen 
Current Residence: 01-113 Caribbean at Keppel Bay, 44 Keppel Bay Drive, 
Singapore 098657 
Guernsey Housing Status: Local Qualified Resident & EU Rite of Abode 
Date and Place of Birth: 24th September 1978, Guernsey, Channel Islands 
Contact Number +65 9731 9228 
E-Mail address: matthew_corbin@hotmail.com 

Education: 
Elizabeth College, Guernsey, 1992 – 1995 (GSCE’s) 
Pangbourne Naval College, Berkshire, 1995 – 1997 (A-Levels) 
Oxford Tutorial College, Oxford, 1997 – 1998 (A-Levels) 
University College London, London, 2000 – 2003, BSc. (Hons.) Information 
Management 
Kings College London, London, 2012-2013 MA, Intelligence & International Security, 
subspecialising in Financial Intelligence & Propaganda. 

A-Level's: 
GCSE's:  
 
 
 
Ancient History 'B' 
Classical Civilisation 'A'  
 
History 'B' 
Maths 'B'  
 
 
 
Classical Civilisation 'C' 
English Lit. 'B'  
 
 
Science, Dual Award, 'B/B'  
Design and Communication 'C' 
Design and Communication 'B'   English Literature 'C' 
English Lang. 'C' Physics ‘E’ 
Geography 'C' 
French 'C' 

Undergraduate: BSc. (Hons.) Information Management, Second Class / Dissertation:
1ST (An analysis of the preventative measures in place to avert Money Laundering 
via International Trust Companies.") 

Postgraduate: MA, Intelligence & International Security, sub specialising in Financial 
Intelligence & Propaganda (Graduation January 2017): King’s College London 

Diploma/Professional Qualifications: 
Diploma International Trust Management, Society of Trust Estate Practitioners 
(www.step.org). January 2004 - Completed January 2005 
Papers consisting of: Foundation Paper in International Trust Management 
Trust Creation Law and Practice 
Company Law and Practice 
 
Trust Administration and Accounts 
Trustee Investment and Financial Appraisal 

Diploma International Governance, Risk & Compliance, International Compliance 
Association (http://www.int-comp.org) June 2015 - March 2016 (anticipated 
completion date) 

Master of Business and Technology (MBT): University of New South Wales 
Completed Modules: Business Law and Technology 
Accountancy – A user perspective 

Fundamentals of Corporate Finance 
Information Technology for Managers 

Employment: 

Barclays Wealth Trustees (Singapore) Limited / Zedra Trust Company (Singapore) 
Limited 
Managing Director, Resident Manger and Executive Director, November 2015 - 
Present 

• Responsible for the management and development of the Singapore Trust 
Platform whilst contributing to the broader Wealth Advisory business across Asia, 
including Hong Kong. 
• Direct managerial responsibility for the trust team, ensuring that a first class 
service is provided to clients. 
• Responsibility for ensuring key regulatory and reporting requirements are met on 
an ongoing basis to ensure compliance with local regulations 
• Ensuring that all departmental and regulatory procedures are up to date, 
appropriate and adhered to at all times. Identifying risk areas and ensure 
adherence to fiduciary, regulatory, client acceptance and annual review 
procedures and discuss any related issues with clients and colleagues. 
• Client Focus: Promote and continually support customer service excellence 
demonstrating a commitment to continual improvement and minimising client 
attrition.  Pro-actively promote quality initiatives and continually look to identify 
new business opportunities within existing and growing client base.  

Corporate Intelligence, Compliance & Governance Consultants Limited  
Senior Consultant (Fiduciary Analysis and Risk, FATCA Advisory), February 2015 – 
October 2015) 

•

Investigation, analysis and ultimate Reporting to the Board of International Trust 
Company on fiduciary and corporate administrative functions and product, 
investment structuring, investment performance and trustee/settlor/co-trustee 
duties/obligations risk matters 
• Forensic examination, tagging and interpretation of minutes, resolutions and 
supporting administrate paperwork of multi-jurisdictional trust and corporate 
structures 
• Examination and mapping of files/date for litigious investigation and proof of 
evidence relating to advisor and beneficiary behaviour, actions and intentions 
from 10 years of correspondence 
• Reorganisation and analysis of online database and electronic document 
repository of 160,000+ items for improved extraction, tagging and presentation of 
data. 
• Reorganisation and analysis of 100,000+ paper and file based documents 
repository for improved digital extraction, physical tagging and ultimate 
presentation of data. 
• Consultation with lawyers, accountants, other professional advisors and 
connected third parties on these matters. 
• Report preparation and presentations to the board of trustees, insurers and 
lawyers. 

• Advisory services for FATCA, specifically for the roll out of internal cost and 
resource effective FATCA compliance programmes for independent fiduciaries, 
corporate service providers, family offices and IAM's. 

Amicorp (Hong Kong) Limited 
Managing Director, Head of Private Clients (North and South Asia) (December 2013 
- Dec 2014) 

• Leading Amicorp’s engagement in Asia and Switzerland with intermediaries 
including private banks, asset managers, family offices, accounting and legal 
firms, and independent financial advisors. 
• Key account management, product, entity and services development and 
provision for intermediaries and their clients. Julius Baer (North & South Asia) 
and Switzerland. 
• Development of strategic partnerships and liaison with bank owned trust 
companies and other banks financial for the provision of white labelled/managed 
trust company/back office provision of fiduciary services: Bank of China 
International, HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Barclays, ICBC, Pictet, BOAML. 
• Marketing, Program Management and Development for Amicorp PCS, Trust 
Sales and Funds. 
• Line Management of PCS & Trust Sales staff in Asia, India, Middle East and 
• Switzerland (6 staff). 
• Strategic Recruitment and Resourcing for PCS and Trust Sales Divisions in Asia 
and Europe. 
• Group and Division Reporting for sales and account revenues. 
• Building globalisation, scope, depth and sustainability of Amicorp offerings and 
full suite of services required by intermediaries, UHMW families and service 
providers. 
• Positioning and creation of Amicorp’s intermediary offerings in investment 
structuring, trade transactions, asset protection, tax planning, business and family 
succession, and estate planning. 
Internal knowledge management, advisory services (specialist knowledge of 
jurisdictions and products relevant to Asia, LATAM & Europe) and dissemination 
of sector relevant information covering high net worth individuals, entrepreneurs, 
families, family offices, and other financial intermediaries to internal parties and 
Group offices. 
• Head of FATCA marketing and sales implementation for Asia. 

•

Nerine Trust Company (Hong Kong) Limited (A.F. Private Limited/AFP Nerine Wealth 
Management Limited) 

Executive Director (December 2006 – December 2013) 

• Strategy, organisation and direct marketing to prospective clients (personal and 
corporate) throughout all of Asia and Middle East (Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, 
Hong Kong, Thailand, India, Philippines, UAE) 
• Day to Day oversight of the provision of all current Group fiduciary services and 
products including, liaison with strategic partners and: 
• Day to day management and administration of personal client portfolio, oversight 
of all management and administration teams– Trusts, Employee Benefit Trusts, 
Companies (LLC, IBC/BC2004 (2008), Protected Cell Companies/ICC's Limited 
Partnerships, Limited Liability Partnerships 

• Marketing, Billing, Investment, Internal Financial Control, Group Financial 
Monthly 
• Reporting to Board and Staff Appraisal, Product Development and Integration 
• Line management, development and training of staff 
• Consultation with 3rd parties on trust establishments issues, tax returns, 
distributions, legislation, domicile and residency issues, pension schemes, and 
offshore funds 
• Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties 
• Preparation and documentation relating to corporate, trust, fund and partnership 
agreements 
• Seeking, review and commenting on tax and legal advice for clients 
• Managing day to day client requirements – payments, purchases, distributions, 
loans 
• Preparation and execution of supporting corporate and trust minutes and 
resolutions 
• Formation of new trusts (Guernsey, Hong Kong New Zealand and BVI) 
• Company formation (Hong Kong, BVI, Guernsey, Singapore, Bahamas, New 
Zealand, Jersey, Panama) 
• Client billing, invoicing and table of fees 
• Family office services – assisting with property purchases, personal and private 
investments 

  
Nerine Trust Company Limited 
Senior Administrator (September 2003 – November 2006) 

Day to day management and administration of personal client portfolio – Trusts, 
Employee Benefit Trusts, Companies (LLC, IBC, Protected Cell Companies, 
Corporate Migrations) Limited Partnerships 
Marketing, Billing, Investment Oversight, and Staff Appraisal 
Line Management, development and training of three members of staff 
Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation 
Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties 
Preparation and documentation of corporate, trust and partnership agreements 
Managing day to day client requirements – payments, purchases, distributions, 
loans, seeking tax and legal advice 
Preparation and execution of supporting corporate and trust minutes and resolutions 
Formation of new trusts (Guernsey and BVI) 
Company formation (BVI, Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Man, New Zealand, Mauritian 
and Bahamas) 
Client billing, invoicing and fee scales 
Family office services - property purchases, personal and private investments 
Asset purchases ranging from £ multi million property purchases (through dry trust 
structures), to the leasing and purchase of VVLC's & ULCC's (very large crude 
carrier and ultra large crude carrier). 
Administration of property development companies in London (2 large apartment 
block developments and one social housing and hotel development) 

Butterfield Trust Guernsey (Bank of Butterfield) 
Trainee Trust Administrator (July 2003 – September 2003) 

• SWIFT, FX and CHQ Payments. 
• Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation 
• Case and Company research 

• Maintenance of company records 
• Preparation and documentation of corporate agreements 

Rothschild Trust (Guernsey) Limited, (NM Rothschild’s Group): 
Trust Officer (June - September 2002, December 2003) 

• Preparation of client reviews and annual reports. 
• SWIFT, FX and CHQ Payments. 
• Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation 
• Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties 
• Preparation and documentation of corporate agreements 
• Case and Company research 
• Review of quarterly portfolio valuations and asset allocation 
• Maintenance of company records 
• Due diligence on clients 
• Database integrity and testing (4Series) 

H.M. Foreign and Commonwealth Office / H.M. Diplomatic Service: 

Personnel and Security Command, Commissions and Registry Officer. (August 1998 
– December 1999) 

Attaché (Diplomatic), Head of Settlement Section: British High Commission, 
Islamabad, Pakistan. (February - July 2000) 

Attaché (Technical), Assistant Management Officer and Communications Officer: 
British Embassy, Zagreb, Croatia. (July - September 2000) 

Other Directorships and Non-Executive Directorships: 
Nerine Advisory Services India Pvt Limited 
Augentius Fund Administration (Hong Kong) Limited 
Nerine Family Office (Singapore) Limited 
Nerine Trust Company (Asia) Limited – Guernsey Licenced Trust Company 

Positions of Responsibility: 
Diplomatic Courier, H.M. Diplomatic Service 
Secure Communications Officer and Cryptographic Custodian, H.M. Diplomatic 
Service 
Chief Cadet Captain, Hesperus Division, PNC 
Royal Marines Pringle Trophy Team 2i/c 1996, 1997 
FCO Emergency Unit member 98/99 
Midshipman Royal Naval Reserve 
Guernsey Finance 2008 Asia Delegate Member (Official Delegation to Chinese 
Government) 

Skills: 
Secure Communications 
Human Resource Management: Equal Opportunities and Managing Inclusion 
Project Management (Level 2 Association for Project Management (APM)) 
Marketing 
Quantitative Analysis 
Line Management 

IT Qualifications/Experience: 
C++ and Java Programming 
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access) 
MS Exchange & Lotus Notes 
Various 'secure' FCO and DS operating systems and Databases 
Systems Architecture & Network Communications (TCP/IP, HTML, VoD, VoIP) 
Management Information Systems (MIS) and Decision Support Systems (DSS). 
4Series - integrated accounting and client relational database 
Bank Master +, Avaloq & E-Aveloq 
Acumen, ACIS, Navision (Offshore Trust and Company Database and Accountancy 
Software) 

Courses: 
Mine Awareness and Explosive Ordnance Course (Royal Engineers) 
Overseas Communications and Registry (FCO) 
POC School of Maritime Operations (Royal Navy) 
Various First Aid Courses 

Professional: 
Location/Document/IT and Communications (Secure and Satellite) 
Overseas Security for the DS (Diplomatic Service) and OGD's/NGD’s. 
Library and Archive (Electronic)/Database Courses (FCO in-house) 

Developmental: 
Public and Conference Speaking 
Data Protection Act Courses 
Drafting Courses (Basic and Advanced) (FCO in-house 4 day courses) 
Excel/Access - FCO Basic and Advanced Levels - FCO in-house 3 day courses 

Management: 
Time Management - FCO in-house 4 day course 
Motivation and Leadership - FCO in-house 4 day course (Plus lots of team and 
leadership exercises as a Royal Naval Reserve Officer.) 
Staff Appraisal (Overseas) - FCO in-house 5 day course 
Human Resource Management: Equal Opportunities and Managing Inclusion - FCO 
in-house 4 day courses 
Project Management (Level 2 Association for Project Management (APM)) (2 
Academic Terms - Sept '02 - April '03) 

Hobbies and Interests: 
Rugby, Sailing, Reading, Scuba Diving (PADI Rescue Diver Qualified), Travel and 
Food

