Nicole Shen MSc 
Contact:   +65 9068 7559                       Email:  hfngshen@gmail.com 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
  Track record of delivering projects on time and on budget. 
  Progressively built up trust with clients through consistent meeting timely deliverables. 
  Created a standardized database for internal use by analyzing and mining data from sales, 
purchase reports and the industry markets, which result in more sales and cost reduction. 
  Successfully led teams to implement systems, which led to changes and improved productivity in 
inventory management and better support to management decisions. 
  Track record of selling ideas, solutions to internal management through thorough demand analysis, 
research and organization of training sessions. 
  Broad experiences in hedge funds accounting, investor relations, corporate accounting, compliance. 
  Successfully led several project assignments relating to business intelligence, entrepreneurship 
through brainstorming, market research, excellent teamwork and wonderful cooperation in 
presentation.  
  Corporate Secretarial hands on experiences in incorporation of local companies (Private Limited, 
LP, LLP, Sole Proprietorship), winding up companies, Board Resolution draft, Statutory Compliance 
such as AR filing, IRAS GST filing, Tax filing and PIC claim, etc. 
  Knowledge in Private Equity fund set up, Capital Calls. 
  Leading teams of accounts assistants in corporate accounting sectors. 
  Solid knowledge in business intelligence, computer languages, Bloomberg Terminal and many 
more. 

 
WORKING EXPERIENCE  
SENIOR FUND ACCOUNTANT                      DEC 2015 - PRESENT 
APEX FUND SERVICES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD, SINGAPORE 
  Company is one of the 35 worldwide offices under Apex Group of companies, providing Fund 
Administration for hedge funds and private equity funds. 
  Manage and oversee all service related matters for a portfolio of funds domiciled in Cayman Islands, 
BVI and Singapore; Clients are based in Singapore, Japan and Australia.  
  High quality and timely reporting on net asset valuations to clients 
  Reconcile portfolio for various financial instruments  
  Pricing of the portfolio based on Bloomberg or other sources as per PPM. 
  Provide Share Registry Service for investors including KYC and AML processes 
  Coordinate and be fully in charge of fund interim auditing and final auditing processes  
  Assist in reporting on CRS, FATCA  
  Assist in On-Boarding of new client e.g. fund set up in PAXUS. 
  Liaise with Investment Managers, investors, auditors, brokers, custodian banks 
  Prepare Performance Reports  
Key achievements: 
 
Progressively built up trust with clients through accurate and timely deliverables within strict timelines. 
 
Successfully formalized the process of problem fund after investigation, which improved client trust and satisfaction. 

 
SENIOR FINANCIAL ACCOUNTANT            JUN 2013 – DEC 2015 
RHYTHME TECHNOLOGY PTE LTD, SINGAPORE 
  Led team of 2 accounts assistants, to oversee 3 companies’ full spectrum of financial & accounting 
functions for fire safety management company in construction sector 
  Successfully led the team to implement projects on time and on budget 
  Prepared financial statements, audit schedules, project costing analysis 
  Managed full company statutory compliance (e.g. Quarterly GST submission, PIC claim, ICV, IDA, 
BCA grant claim, CPF, IR8A submission) 
  Coordinated with external auditors, tax consultants  
  Review and developed working procedures in finance department to facilitate internal control 
Key achievements: 
 
Successfully led implementation of system which led to changes in the way of stock tracking, report structure and formatting; 
improved productivity resulting in reduction in quarterly stock taking from 1 week to 1 day and better support management 
decision. 
  Developed standard operations procedures in every aspect within finance department resulting in strong controls and 
improved accounting practices. 

 

1 

Nicole Shen MSc 
Contact:   +65 9068 7559                       Email:  hfngshen@gmail.com 

 

Played key role in improving accounting process during month end closing; developed checklist resulting quicker processing 
of accounts and reduction of month closing from 3 days to 1 day. 

 
WORKING EXPERIENCE  
ACCOUNTANT & SAP ADMINISTRATOR      JAN 2013 – APR 2013 
CROWN SUCCESS ENTERPRISES PTE LTD, SINGAPORE 
  Oversee full spectrum of accounting functions for wholesale and distribution of luxury brands 
company in its Singapore, Malaysia and Japan subsidiaries 
  Drive business development team performance (KPIs) through sales projection, pricing analysis  
  Prepare financial statements and cash flow forecasts 
Key achievements: 
  Created a standardized database for internal use in analyzing and mining data from sales, purchase reports and the industry 
markets, which result more sales and cost reduction. 

 
ACCOUNTANT                                                   NOV 2011 – JAN 2013 
OMNISYS TECHNOLOGIES PTE LTD, SINGAPORE 
  Led project implementation and efficiently and accurately transformed the manual accounts to 
computerized accounts 
  Perform full sets of accounts function including management reports, AR, AP, GL  
 
In charge of company statutory compliance including Annual Return filing, Income tax computation 
and GST submission 
Key achievements: 
 
Led the project to transform manual accounts to computerized accounts from thorough manual accounts recombination, 
proposal of suitable accounting system, demand analysis, weekly report of the progress to management, problems and 
solutions compilation to coordination of training session.  

 
ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT                              MAY 2009 – NOV 2011 
PHILIPS ELECTRONICS (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD   
  Managed full cycle of fixed asset reporting and CAPEX reporting 
  Perform month end closing including reconciliations on inter companies’ accounts 
  Full cycle of inventory management 
  Prepare audit schedules, GL adjustments, etc. 
  Progressively being promoted from an entry level position to an executive level 
 
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS   
  Master Degree in Knowledge Management - Nanyang Technological University of Singapore 
  Bachelor Degree in Computer Science & Technology - Zhengzhou University of China 
  ACCA Level 3 – P Level 
  Others - Business Intelligence, Computer Languages, Macro, SAP 
 
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION 
HONORS 
2005-2006 Scholarship of Zhengzhou University 
2006-2007  Outstanding student leaders of Zhengzhou University 
2006-2007 Three “A” student of Zhengzhou University 
 
LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY 
English (full professional proficiency), Mandarin (native), Cantonese (intermediate) 
 
REFEREE 
Referees from work & school are available upon request. 
 
OTHERS 
Nationality: Singaporean 
 
 

 

2 

