PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 

 

DECEMBER  2016 

Curriculum Vitae of   
 

Personal Information 

ALLEN ZHENG, CAIA CMT 

 

 

Nationality 
Address 

Singaporean 
Contact Number  +65 9660 4524 
allen.rzheng@gmail.com 
Serangoon North Avenue 4  Email 

Academic and Professional Qualifications 

 
2014 – Present 
2013 – Present 
 
2009 – 2011 
2003 – 2006 
 
 

Profile Summary 

Chartered Market Technician (CMT)                                                                                                          
Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA)                                                                   
MSc. Applied Economics, Singapore Management University                                                      
BSc. Computer Science, National University of Singapore                                                            

 
Exceptional  Versatilist,  as  a  self-starter  and  “all-rounder"  with  10  years  working  experience 
primarily in asset/fund management with managerial oversight responsibilities in end-to-end fund 
lifecycle  to streamline processes; and  implement  internal controls across  front, middle  to back-
office  investment  management  functions;  regulatory  compliance  across  multiple  (Singapore, 
Hong  Kong,  Cayman,  Luxembourg  and  Cyprus)  jurisdictions;  and  portfolio  risk  &  performance 
management in funds investing Equity, Fixed Income, Commodities and FX. 
                                       
Achievement Highlights 
  Experienced  track  record  in  setting  up  several  hedge  funds  and  involved  in  end-to-end  fund 
lifecycle  from  fund  set-up  (umbrella,  master-feeder,  UCITS/SICAV,  unit  trusts,  OEICs), 
investment  operations,  regulatory  compliance,  to  fund  raising/investor  relations  for  talented 
CIOs/portfolio  managers,  and  top-level  business  strategic  planning  exposure  to  CEOs  and 
senior management team across different domiciled funds and trading strategies. 
Increased  investor  confidence  and  assets  under  management  (AUM)  through  exceptional 
leadership  and  team  management  skills  to  ensure  streamlined  investment  management 
operations, due diligence and regulatory compliant to authorities in various jurisdictions. 
  Project lead for new fund launches and regulatory applications of licenses (CMS, RQFII) to new 
markets such as China, India, Hong Kong and European countries. 
  Led the research efforts into the different funds passport regimes in Asia Pacific namely APEC 
Asia  Region  Funds  Passport  (ARFP),  China-Hong  Kong  mutual  recognition  agreement  and 
ASEAN Collective Investment Scheme (CIS). 
  Project  lead  for  new  fund/product  development,  from  the  construction  of  sample  portfolio 
asset  allocation,  process  of  back  testing  and  forward  testing,  to  analysis  of  portfolio  risk  & 
performance; and preparation of marketing materials. 
  Responsible  to  build  and  develop  in-house  investment  compliance  monitoring  and  portfolio 
management systems from scratch, estimated to be US$50K in cost savings per year. 

 

 

Professional Memberships and Affiliations 

 
2015 – Present 
2014 – Present 
2014 – Present 
2013 – Present 
 

Honorary Treasurer - Council Member, Club Rainbow Singapore                                                                          
Adjunct Lecturer, Nanyang Polytechnic                                                                                    
Alumni Mentor, Singapore Management University                                                                  
MAS Regulated Representative #ZRX300200815 in Fund Management                                                                                                                                                       

allen_zheng_cv_final 

 

Page 1 of 4 

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 

 

DECEMBER  2016 

Professional Work Experiences 
 
Senior Manager                                                                                                               06.2016 - Present 
Asset Management Company – US$30bn 
 
 
 
                          
 
  Regulatory Compliance: to provide advice to senior management and staff on the relevant 
laws, regulations, rules and standards across local, regional and overseas jurisdictions. 

 
 
Project Management - Regulatory Reforms (Contract)                                            01.2016 - 05.2016 
Standard Chartered 
 
 
 
                          
 
  Regulatory Implementation: to drive programme initiatives across global organization-wide 
business  areas  to  comply  with  financial  regulation  banking  reforms  in  market  structure 
rules i.e. EMIR, MiFID II, AIFMD, Dodd-Frank Volcker, UCITS and Market Abuse Directive. 
Reason for Leaving: to accept a permanent opportunity back to fund management. 
 
 
COO / Head of Trading (Investments)                                                                     04.2012 - 04.2015 
CastleBay Capital Management – US$650mn 
 
    Managed a team of 6 employees 
 
  COO  Business  Management,  Investment  Operations  and  Middle  Office:  to  perform 
supervisory  oversight  across  day-to-day  smooth  running  full  spectrum  of  investment 
management  operations  i.e.  trading  flow  &  execution,  cash  management  and  hedging, 
portfolio  valuation  and  risk  management,  corporate  actions, 
investor  reporting, 
accounting/financial statements, audit and tax, and regulatory compliance. 
  Excellent product knowledge and practical hands-on investment operations experience on 
processing  across  all  asset  types  including  listed  and  OTC  equities,  fixed  income, 
commodities, FX spots/forwards and derivatives (futures, options). 
  Setup  and  streamline  end-to-end  fund  life  cycle  and  experienced  in  trade  support 
processes,  including  execution  trading,  trades’  confirmation  and  operational  support  for 
position holding reconciliation, settlement management and monitoring investment cash. 
  Monitor and approve on corporate action events, dividend/coupon payments and security 
tax calculations. Ensure fund related fees and expenses are accrued correctly. 
  Review and sign-off on daily/monthly NAV reports and preparation of financial statements 
by trustee/fund administrators, and performance updates to fund databases. 
  Responsible  for  existing  and  new  investors’  relations  by  responding  to  queries/requests 
and preparation/dissemination of periodic fund and marketing materials. 
  Daily portfolio and risk reporting, to ensure accurate and prompt capture and representation 
of  security  and  currency  positions,  investment  cash  balance,  margin  requirements  and 
market/liquidity/credit risk exposures. 
  Managing  and  coordinating  the  annual  year-end  process  with  respect  to  audit  timelines, 
financial statement preparation, regulatory filings (MAS, ACRA, IRAS), tax services etc. 

 
  Regulatory  and  Investment  Compliance:  Project  lead  and  responsible  to  execute  the 
implementation of  new  regulatory  initiatives  in adherence  to MAS SFA and FAA  licensing 
requirements.  Knowledge  of  SFO  licensing  regime  by  SFC  in  Hong  Kong  and  QFII/RQFII 
investment framework by CSRC and SAFE in China. 
  Main  point  of  contact  for  dealing with  key  external  stakeholders  (MAS,  external Auditors, 
external Regulators) on regulatory  inspections and  internal/external audits, as well as any 

allen_zheng_cv_final 

 

Page 2 of 4 

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 

 

DECEMBER  2016 

ad-hoc regulatory inquiries. Responsible to clarify and resolve compliance issues & follow-
up on audit recommendations made by regulators and auditors. 
  Oversee  and  sign-off  the  quarterly  and  annual  regulatory  and  licensing matters  including 
compilation  and  submission  of  regulatory  returns  and  filings  to  MAS,  ACRA  and  fund 
authorities in Luxembourg and Cyprus. 
  Review and  implement KYC/AML/CFT procedures  to ensure accuracy, adherence and full 
record-keeping, whilst facilitating client due diligence, onboarding and reporting process. 
  Ensure  all  compliance  related  ongoing  monitoring  programs,  manuals,  policies  and 
procedures  (Conflict of  Interest Policy and Personal Account Dealing Policy) are updated 
regularly in adherence to new regulatory conditions. 
  Review  investment  guidelines  compliance  covering  multi-asset  classes  and  trading 
activities in particular the fairness and appropriateness at pre and post stages of affiliated 
transactions, fair allocation and cross-trades etc. 
  Responsible for execution and implementation of MAS risk management practices relating 
to  corporate  governance,  internal  controls  and  all  firm-wide  risk  (credit,  market,  liquidity, 
technology and operational) metrics.  
  Work  closely  and  update  the  Management  Team  on  implementation  of  organizational 
strategies,  operational  risk  governance  and  monitoring  to  assure  effectiveness  of  risk 
assessment and control assessment. 
  Liaise  and  coordinate  with  external  providers  i.e.  prime  brokers,  trading  counterparties, 
fund  administrator,  auditors,  and 
to  ensure  and  review  proper  SLAs 
lawyers 
documentations and third party due diligence checks. 
Reason  for  Leaving:  the  fund  was  closed  down  due  to  large  redemptions  from  institutional 
investors as a result of regulatory compliance on their external proprietary investments. 
 
 
Pilot project with a boutique family office                                                                 09.2011 - 11.2011 
  To  lead  the  setup  of  its  proprietary  trading  desk.  The  project  was  terminated  due  to 
commitments in other private equity ventures. 

 
 
   04.2008 - 07.2011   
Manager/Trader                                                                                          
GCI Investment Management – US$500mn                                        Mentored 1 junior employee 
 
 

Investment  Operations  &  Risk  Management:  responsible  for  day-to-day  investment 
operational  functions  i.e.  trade  booking,  settlement  and  position/cash  reconciliations, 
stock borrowing, valuation, and currency hedging. 
  Responsible  to  ensure  all  funds  are  compliant  to  Cayman  regulators,  and  led  the 
operational due diligence by MAS regulators.  
  Perform and monitor portfolio  risks via stress-testing, scenario analysis, historical stress-
testing, Value-at-Risk, concentration risks, overall exposure counterparty/issuer and credit 
risk, and reviewing ISDA agreements. 

 
  Trading: main  trader  to perform  trade execution across different  fund  strategies  – Japan 
multi-strategy,  interest  rates  relative-value  investing  and  systematic  trend-following 
managed futures fund. Total AUM at USD 500 million. 
  Traded  instruments  include  but  not  limited  to:  cash  equities,  convertible  bonds,  stock 
options, FX spots / forwards, commodity and financial (index, bond, interest rate) futures. 

 

allen_zheng_cv_final 

 

Page 3 of 4 

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 

 

DECEMBER  2016 

  Fund Administration: preparation of daily and monthly Net Asset Value internal calculations 
for all funds, and reconcile with reports prepared by fund administrators. Resolve with fund 
accountant on any discrepancies. 

 
  Fund Selection and Expertise:  responsible for monitoring fund strategies peer groups and 
their performance. Conduct due diligence with external fund managers, analyse peer group 
universe, make fund recommendations and assist in diversified risk-adjusted allocation to 
fund-of-funds portfolio. 
Reason for Leaving: to widen investment experience across Asian markets. 
 
 
Technical Analyst 
Credit Suisse 
 
  Chairperson  to  1st  batch  of  APAC  (IT)  Graduate  Training  Programme,  managed  over  20 
graduate hires. 
Reason for Leaving: to pursue a role in fund management industry. 
 

   02.2007 - 03.2008 

                

 

               

 

 

 

Additional Skills 

 
  Bloomberg 
  Technical Analysis 
  Global Tactical Asset Allocation 
Investment Compliance 
 
  Share Class and FX Hedging 
  Alternative Investments 
  Proficient with MS Word, Excel and Powerpoint 
 
  To mentor and work in a team structure 
  To plan, organize and prioritize work to meet deadlines 
  To make decisions and solve problems 
  To obtain and process large quantitative information 
  To effectively communicate and manage internal and external stakeholders 
 

allen_zheng_cv_final 

 

Page 4 of 4 

