Laurent Lapaire 

Date of birth: 
Nationality: 
Address: 
Mobile: 
Mail: 

Education  
2017 
 
2013 

 
2012 -13 

 
2010 
 

24 April 1990 
Swiss 
26 Jalan Elok, Singapore 229064 
+65 8399 9433  
lapaire.laurent@gmail.com  

 

Chartered Accountant (Singapore) - ISCA 
--end? Bachelor thesis, Geneva University) 
Bachelor in Business Administration, Geneva University, faculty of SES (Social and Economic 
Science), Switzerland –Thesis on the future of the Chinese currency. (Lapaire, LJ 2013, Renminbi dead-
Two semesters scholarship at Yonsei University, Seoul, South Korea to finalize my bachelor in Business 
Administration (international exchange program). 

High school degree at Collège Calvin, Geneva, Switzerland (specialization in law and economics) 

Professiona l  Experience  
12/15 – present 

  Corporate Services Manager at Alpadis (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. In Singapore 
-  Monthly preparation of consolidated financial reports, budget, cost reports for product lines 
- 
Provide recommendations to reduce costs and improve financial performance 
- 
Ensure all financial practices are in line with al statutory legislation and regulations 
-  Confirm assets are being capitalized or expensed in accordance with the company accounting standard 
and policy 

 

11/13 to 11/15 

 
08/13 to 11/13 

06/13 to 08/13 

 
Summer 2011 

Accountant at Swiss Fiduciary & Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. in Singapore. 
- In charge for the accounts of 13 companies. 
- Monthly bank reconciliations, GST return, preparation of Tax Return, XBRL 
- Preparation of the financial statements on a quarterly basis. 
- Introduced business process improvements that enhanced A/P functions, established common vendor   
files, eliminated duplications. 
- Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities  

Project Manager at Intuuchina, Shanghai, China 
- Responsible for cost estimates and planning for foreign companies relocating to China. 
- Responsible for ensuring best value is obtained from suppliers and balancing the use of internal and 
external resources. 
 

Consulting Internship at Dongjin Consulting Co, Ltd, Shanghai, China 
- Market research on specific topics 
- Generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone. 

Private Banking Internship at SUNTRUST Investments SA, Geneva, Switzerland 
- Market analysis upon personal request of private clients 
- Preparing the daily morning news report and performing equity and bond analysis for the trading desk. 
- Processing/validating and reconciliation of client information (contracts, orders, account cash 
flows). 

Languages  
French 
English 
German 
Mandarin 

Native language 
Fluent 
Intermediate level 
Beginner 

Hobbies 
Skiing, Golfing, Gym, Managing an investment portfolio since 2011 

