Trevor Allan Jarrett 
 
Mobile:  +852 9101 3963 
E-mail:  Trevor@Jarrett.name  
 
“ A distinguished career in equity securities trading. “  Patrick L. Young 
 
“I Recommend Trevor wholeheartedly.” Michael R. Bloomberg 
 
Seeking : 
 
Senior role in Exchange Traded and OTC securities.  Client facing, Technical and business 
development.  
 
Expertise to provide : 
 
Technical, regulatory and business development to securities trading : liquidity management or 
support of markets trading.  
 

Summary and Profile : 

 
From an early start in electronic ‘price discovery ‘ for cattle and crops to recent HK / China 
‘stock connect ‘, 30 years of skill in delivering new solutions to the securities trading community 
across Asia, Pacific Rim. 

  

 

 

 

 

  Experienced  Capital  Markets  Business  Manager 
to 
IT  solutions 
implementing 
Exchanges, buy and sell side  financial  institutions,  in Hong Kong, China, ANZ and Asia 
Pac.  Widely known and trusted by buy and sell side senior executives in this region.  
  Twenty  years’  experience  in  e-Financial  Markets:  business  development,  customer 
acquisition, and operations..  
  Expert  in  communicating  at  all  levels  within  client  organizations,  experienced  working 
with  client  facing,  compliance,  trading,  risk  management  and  technical  personnel  on  a 
global basis.  
  Current expert knowledge of China cash equity and Fund connect.  
  Regular  speaker  at  regional  conferences  e.g.  Trading  Technology  September  2013,  14 
,16  Singapore  and  April  and  June  2015  Shanghai,  Trading  Architecture  Hong  Kong 
August 2016.  
Upcoming speaking roles in 2017scheduled for Singapore and Shanghai.  
  Energetic  team  participant,  respected  by  peers  for  sound  decision-making,  execution, 
creativity and problem resolution.  
  Up  to  date  on  global  Regulatory  and  the  implied  technical  issues.    Current  practical 
knowledge  of  regulatory  global  requirements  e.g.  FACTCA,  and  the  new  Common 
Reporting Standard. 
  Expert  knowledge  of  current  changes  in  risk  analysis,  compliance  including  the  new  
OTC  derivatives  environment,  along  with  more  traditional  position  management  and 
reporting.  
  Limited  spoken  Cantonese,  Putonghua,  and  Chinese.  …  Hong  Kong  ,  UK  ,EU,  and 
Australia residency  
  Founding member FIX FPL , fix is the international e trading standard, now 20 years old. 

 

 
 

 
 

1 

Trevor Allan Jarrett  +852 9101 3963  +61 408412206 trevor@jarrett.name  
 

Career : 

 

 
Alpha Carinae Technologies (HK) Ltd. 
Current 
 
Consulting Director  in security  trading, position management and  regulation  technology 
projects.  Design through to implementation.  
 
Clients include(d) :  
 

          2009  – 

 

 

 

 

  Celera Group 
Client advice on proprietary mid to back office systems.  
Celera  Markets  is  an  independent  Asian  inter-dealer  broker  which  provides  OTC  and 
Exchange  traded  broking  services  also  providing  inter-bank  derivatives  markets 
including a range of equity derivatives products. 

  Touch Fire , Tokyo and Cebu Philippines 
Nissan  Securities  Japan,  client  Direct  Exchange  Access  currently  trading  7  mio 
securities a day. 
 
May 2016 : Tender return to Philippines Stock Exchange for front end trading system. 
 
September  2016  :  Understanding  and  creation  of  briefing  proposals  on  :  Philippines 
Agricultural Exchange and  Direct from Custody Agency Lending 
 
March 2016 Myanmar, Yangon Stock Exchange trading education program.  

  Xinhua Financial Agency  
Six month project to specify a inbound China connect Equity and OTC securities trading 
service to certain existing global ISVs. 
Project  was  to  specify  the  operational  services  needed  to  have  critical mass  to  provide 
offshore  China  market  participants  a  ‘must  have‟  reliable  service  screen  based  in 
bound trading service. 
 
  Dion Global , Director Business Development , Asia Pacific 
* new to market simple and complex derivatives e-trading sales and analysis system.  
* front to back office trade management systems to match new regulatory requirements  
*  New  business  has  included  new  regulatory  FATCA  technical  solutions  utisling  new 
technical  techniques  such  as  Generic  Case  Management  (GCM)  and  Continuous 
Control Monitoring (CCM).  
 
New  clients  included  OCBC  Treasury,  BOCI,  CFETS  Exchange  China,  CITIC, 
Macquarie Bank and South China Securities.  
 
  OneMarketData LLC, USA, Director, Asia PAC. 
* Quantitative trade, risk and position analysis solutions for equities  
 
Clients : 
 
* Shanghai based fund / operations. (CITIC Prudential and CFETS.)   
Australian  and  Singapore  based  banks  and  proprietary  trading  operations  (UOB  Hyam 
FX division, Standard Chartered,  
 
* Proprietary fund operations include, Vulpes and Grasshopper as examples. 
  

2 

 

 

 

Trevor Allan Jarrett  +852 9101 3963  +61 408412206 trevor@jarrett.name  
 

Optiver,  largest  option  price  maker  in  the  world:  I  provided  position  /  trade  analysis 
system price making system. 
.  
 
In  high  demand  for  many  speaking  roles,  including  New  China  Trading  Strategies 
Shanghai, China FIX FPL ,2015, Trading Architecture Singapore 2014 for example.  

 

 

  Dayton  Way,  HK  Ltd.  Technical  Consultant  to  China  and  North  Korea.  Australian 
listing  IPOs  Book  building  for  energy,  oil  and mining  listings  to  global  fund  clients  such 
as Forbes and Manhattan. 
 
  Caplin Systems (Asia PAC ) HK Ltd. Area General Manager  
Banking and  Institutional supply of  ‘Single Dealer‘ web based  trading portals. Promoted 
new standard of internet  HTML5 delivery to web and portable devices.  
Clients  included  :  China  Foreign  Exchange  (domestic  interbank)  Trading  System  to 
support their global delivery in front middle and back office. 
Single  dealer  portals  supplied  to  NAB,  Westpac  and  ANZ  Banks  Australia  Stock 
Exchange and UOB Singapore.  
.  
 
  Thomson Reuters : Area Contract Consultant of Trading Solutions, Asia / Pac Rim 
Supplying  integrated  solutions  for  hosting,  high  speed  trading  and market  data analysis 
and distribution. Working with a variety of newly released component assets to supply to 
technology RFP / tenders from Asia / Pac Rim major trading exchanges and institutions.  
 
  HKEx Next Generation Market Data System, Clearing and post trade alternatives 
ASEAN  Link  and  ASEAN  Stars:  Answer  to  RFP  proposal  to  move  to  USD  trading  and 
interconnect trading and stock information to Shanghai S E. now called ‘thru train’.  
 
  Created  the  Reuters  „PropPack‟  concept  to  offer  easy  entry  to  combined  component 
HFT  Low  Latency  service  hosted  solutions.  This  was  specifically  designed  for  local 
Hong Kong fund trading houses. 
 
HKMex , SCH and CEFEX  China mainland proposals  
SET market data component of RFP with London Stock Exchange / MIT  
TSE / OSE Japan combined tape 
 

  RTS  Real  Time  Systems  Group:  Sales  and  delivery  of  high  frequency,  low  latency 
DMA  Exchange  trading  solutions  to  fund  financial  institutions  in  Hong  Kong,  China, 
Taiwan,  Singapore.  Sales  included  AXT,  Macquarie  other  Hong  Kong  low  latency 
Trading Houses. Requiring fast position analysis and testing of trade execution. 

 $1.75 mio , new business to Hong Kong target was $1 mio  

  Cognolink : Private Equity buyout  investment  in Electronic Trading service companies  , 
Panel and Expert Advisor since 2011 to Present in banking technology MNA.  

 
 
HSBC SECURITES SERVICES, HSBC Global Custody Asia, Hong Kong  
Exec Vice President, Product Manager, Agency Lending. 
 
Project  prompted  by  the  acquisition  by  HSBC  requirement  to  meet  China  Investment 
Corporation  ‘direct  from custody’ electronic  lending program  for  their Asia  regional clients. This 
system provided  lending transparency and greater returns for client  ‘sovereign’ funds  improving 
returns 7 bp over existing methods, worth on average USD 1.6 m p.a.  in  returns to each of five 

2008 – 2010 

 

3 

Trevor Allan Jarrett  +852 9101 3963  +61 408412206 trevor@jarrett.name  
 

 

 

   2008 

‘sovereign’  clients.  This  won  the  tender  for  HSBC.  Special  emphasis  was  made  during  the 
financial crisis in the short selling area on risk measurement, VAR, collateral treatments an how 
these related to new and fast changing inbound Government regulations.  
Fund accounting and performance measurement were added to HSBCs standard service.  
Project value $3 mio 
 
 
LEHMAN BROTHERS, Tokyo   
 
 
 
 
 
Product Manager, Equity Client Connectivity and Equity Finance 
 
Project  to  direct  the  roll  out  equity  execution  connectivity  prime  broking  projects  for  Asia  Pac 
rim,  based  in Tokyo, with  a  technical  team  based  in Chicago. Responsible  for  Lehman’s  Asian 
liquidity  publishing,  within  all  ten  supported  liquidity  distribution  portals.  (Bloomberg,  Tora, 
Trading screen ect)  
Created  the  algorithmic  low  latency  trading  and  Prime  Broking,  using  concept  of  ‘zero  touch’ 
trade  analysis  comparison.  This  added  13  major  clients  and  revenue  increase  of  2  mio  per 
annum recurring, Target quota was to add 5 to 7 new major clients in the year.  
 
COMMONWEALTH BANK OF AUSTRALIA (CBA), Sydney 
   2004 - 2008 
 
 
Principal Business Development Manager, Electronic Execution, Global Markets 
 
Starting  with  equity  execution,  re  vamped  CBA’s  distribution  of  capital  market  products 
electronically. W ith CBA;s   acquisition of an equity electronic prime broker  in 2004,  role was  to 
deepen  distribution  and  add  regional  clients  to  the  program.  Added  client  driven  requirements 
such as extra securities : FX , hedging, energy products and algorithmic trading.  
 
Instigated new client  trading programs  for CBA which added 64 new  institutions, mainly across 
India and Pac rim Asia. From a zero start trading flows of over USD one billion per month were 
achieved within 9 months.  
 
Permanent Member CBA Alumni, registered securities trader, Australia.  
In terms of achievement the project took turnover from zero to 1 billion month by adding 51 new 
counterparties  across  Asia  in  just  one  year.  Added  Sharia,  commodity  and  energy  desk 
electronic  trading components. Achieved annual  target quota of  usd $1 bio per month  turnover 
in six months. 
 
  
MONEYLINE TELERATE:  General Manager Hong Kong and China  

  2002 – 2004 

 

Product  development  included  work  with  enterprise  trading  projects  utilizing  Financial 
Information eXchange (FIX) protocol, for electronically trading equities, bonds and FX.  

New  client  projects  were  completed  in  a  difficult  environment  in  HK,  to  Bank  of  America, 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, SSB, HSBC, Hang Seng Bank, DBS Vickers and Morgan Stanley.  

Projects  included  signing  Citibank  HK  in  March  2003,  (  during  SARS  outbreak  )  for  a  total 
contract  value  of  USD  3.2  m,  a  decision  taken  directly  by  the  Treasurer.  The  Citibank  project 
was  for  completely  integrated  custom  market  information,  risk  management  and  transaction 
interface to existing Bank’s systems. 

 
AUSTRALIAN STOCK EXCHANGE: General Manager, International Business  2000 – 2002 
 
To continue development of a new service  initiated whilst GM at Bloomberg, was  invited by  the 
ASX board to complete  ‘WorldLink’, connecting the Australian broker network  to US markets, a 
world first in 2000.  

 

4 

Trevor Allan Jarrett  +852 9101 3963  +61 408412206 trevor@jarrett.name  
 

ASX  company  real  time  announcements  direct  desktop  supply  to US  fund managers  lead  to  a   
13  per  cent  increase  in  Australian  Mid  Cap  overseas  liquidity  in  one  year.  Original  target 
estimate was for 5 per cent increase. 
 
Research  project  to  discover  why  US  west  coast  institutions  limited  their  Australian  /  Asian 
region  trading by working on  the  trading desks of Montgomery and Capital asset management. 
Worked under secondment in San Francisco.  
 
Speaking  invitations  included  presentation  of  papers  representing  ASX,  including  CLSA  Asian 
investor, Birkenstock , Davos and Vienna annual conventions.  
 
 
BLOOMBERG FINANCIAL MARKETS: General Manager, Australia & NZ           1989 - 2000 
Regional Executive, Asia and Pacific Rim 
Director Tradebook 
 
Founding  member  of  Bloomberg’s  fourth  global  office,  reporting  directly  to  Mike  Bloomberg.  
Responsible for initial client locations and training including in Philippines the Asia Development 
Bank and Reserve Bank of the Philippines.  
 
Analytics  included  analysis  of  A$  bonds,  IR  swaps,  futures,  equities  and  FX  support.  Major 
success  was  to  support  the  regions’  sell  side  community  in  distributing  Australian  securities 
electronically  to  Europe UK  and USA  buy  side market. Often  invited  on  IPO  road  shows,  book 
building by part owner, Merrill Lynch etc. 
 
Contributed  to  the  role  out  of  Bloomberg  in  Asia  regionally,  before  local  offices  were 
established.  

Authored sales and content contributions with capital markets key representative organizations. 
This  included  SFE,  ASX,  AFMA,  ASIC,  Fund  managers  and  major  capital  market  banking 
institutions.  

Regional founding Director of the E broking service Bloomberg Tradebook. 

Creator of WorldLink e-trading proposal in conjunction with ASX and later SGX.  

Member of the global Bloomberg management and sales team and Alumni.  

 

PRIOR TO BLOOMBERG  

Creation of Computer Aided Livestock Marketing system, CALM  

London Stock Exchange , overseas distribution of the electronic TOPIC system 

Sydney Futures Exchange , creation of the e trading system, SYCOM ( now part of ASE)  

 

Project tombstones and press extracts on request. 

 

Further references from senior buy side professionals et al : 

VPs at Hong Kong , Australian and Singapore exchanges 

London Stock exchange, Director 

OM and other Exchange software vendors 

ICCH Director  

Outgoing Chairman Australian Securities Exchange 

China Foreign Exchange Trading System (CFETS ) 

 

5 

Trevor Allan Jarrett  +852 9101 3963  +61 408412206 trevor@jarrett.name  
 

 

6 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

