MONALI HIRAWAT     
Address  : B l o c k   9 ,   F l a t  A ,   1 8 F,   G r e e n f i e l d   G a r d e n ,   1   F u n g   S h u e  Wo   R o a d ,   T s i n g   Y i ,   H o n g   K o n g                   
: 67430034 
Phone 
Email 
: monalihirawat2003@gmail.com 
 
 

Summary 

 
Certified Chartered Accountant with 5+ years of expertise in Financial Accounting. Highly analytical, self- motivated and 
very eager to learn. Proactive, organized and self-motivated with strong sense of responsibility. Detail – oriented who can 
work under minimal supervision and meet deadlines. Collaborate effectively with the executive level management to 
strengthen financial position and improve the financial performance. Seeking for a challenging yet  rewarding position. 
 
 

Working Experience 

 
 
Aug 2014 – Present    Apex Fund Services (HK) Limited 
                Financial Accounts Officer- Asia Pacific (Jan2015-Present) 
     
 
 
 
 
 Financial Accounts Officer- Hong Kong (Aug 2014- Dec 2014) 
 
 

  Ensure timely and accurate preparation of periodic financial statements for APAC offices which includes the 
Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss, Cash Flow  
  Monitor and maintain full sets of accounting books  
  Doing month end performance evaluation and variance analysis against budgets   
  Handling intercompany transactions with overseas offices 
  Prepare schedule for recharge of regional expenses across APAC offices  
  Communicate and liaise with individual offices and group accounting team based in Dubai.  
  Prepare audit schedules and liaise with external auditors for yearend audit purpose and submit required reports to 
group auditors for consolidation 
  Support the management by preparing regular and ad hoc analysis and reporting for decision making  
  Prepare quarterly performance analysis for Marketing personnel  
  Forecast incomes and expenses for annual budget preparation  
  Ensure accurate and efficient settlements to suppliers and reduce risk by setting up  bank authorization matrix in 
place 
  Monitor cash receivables and manage cash for all APAC offices by evaluating cash forecast prepared by each office 
weekly 
  Effectively managing a team of 6 people across APAC offices.  
  Prepare PowerPoint presentation for APAC accounts to be presented in MD meeting annually.  
  Customize and automate report generation from Accounting software- Financial Force & Sales Force 
 
 
Projects Undertaken 
In last 2 years with the organization I have undertaken various projects to assist Group CFO in successful 
implementation and streamline accounting procedures across group.   
  Prepare procedure manual for use of Accounting software- Financial Force and creation of  reports to be  generated 
from system 
  Prepare Operational manual for centralization of accounting teams in various regions  
  Preparation of guidelines on accounting treatment of various  revenue items across group. 
  Prepare draft template to be used for Cash forecasting, which is updated by all local offices and submitted to 
regional and Group accounting team weekly  
  Currently working on migration of  Accounting  for Middle East offices- Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain to Hong Kong 

Jun 2013- Aug 2014     Amoli Group of Companies Hong Kong - Company Accountant 
 
 
  Responsible for checking and verification of payment process, checking inter-company balance, A/R, A/P, etc for 
both the Hong Kong company and its overseas subsidiaries and representative offices. 
  Support month end closing, account analysis and reconciliation.  
  Preparation of monthly consolidated financial reports, forecasts and budgets, etc.  
  Analyze and review financial information against targets. 
  Analysis of branch monthly expenses.  
  Follow up vendor dispute, outstanding invoices and vendor statement reconciliation received from branches.  
  Apply for the Credit Limit for customers.  
  Responsible for Bank Reconciliation.  
  Book keeping of investments and portfolios in NAV Invest.  
  Took care of complete migration and testing of system from Tally to Microsoft Dynamics NAV.  
  Participate in ad hoc projects. 

 
 
Feb 2012 - Jan 2013  Shah Surendra & Associates - Chartered Accountants - Audit Manager  
 

  Provide bookkeeping, auditing & taxation services to various clients  
  Prepare consolidated accounts 
  Prepare tax computations and filing tax returns  
  Preparing financial statements and audit schedules  
 

 
Jun 2007- Dec 2010    P. Nahata & Co. - Article Trainee 
 
 
 
 
  Prepare auditing schedules and check the transactions and financial statements produced by clients to make sure that 
all receipts and expenditure are properly accounted for  
  Verify their financial system to see that all the payments have been made in accordance with accounting standards 
  Prepare audited reports and tax computations  

 
 

Affiliation: 

2011 

 

Fellow member of Institute of Chartered Accounts of India  

Education: 

2007-2010   

Bachelor of Commerce, Rajasthan University, India 

Personal Summary 

 
  Proficient in Microsoft applications (including Word, PowerPoint and Excel)  
  Familiar with Accounting systems like Financial Force, Sales Force, MS Dynamics, Tally  
  Fluent in English and Hindi. 

