Aimee, Xuan QI  

Mob ile p ho ne : 65-  8556 0169  

E- ma il: a imeec hiq i@ gma il. com 

Summary  

Be ijing  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hong Ko ng  Pe rma nent Re s ident  

Singa po re  

Englis h a nd M anda rin 

Place  of Birth  

Nationa lity  

Res idence 

 

 

La nguage (s )    

 

 

 

 

 

Successful sales professional w ith extensive  experience  in Greater China and South East Asia  and 

wide  connection with f inanc ial  inst it ut ions and high net worth ind iv idua ls. Strong financia l product 
know ledge  in f inanc ial pr oducts across different asset classes. A committed and self-mot ivated team 
player with excellent commun ication and  interpersonal sk ills. Fluent in Eng lish and Mandarin.   

 
Profe ss ional Ex pe rience  

 
Bloombe rg L. P. Singa po re  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Aug 2014 to J un 2017  
Fixed Income  a nd De rivat ive s  Valuatio n – So uth Eas t As ia Spe cial is t  
Responsib le  for develop ing F ixed Income  and cross-assets derivatives valuat ion business in SEA 

Regions  inc lud ing S ingapore,  Malays ia,Brune i, Ph ilipp ines, Indonesia  and Ind ia  etc .   

Major clients  inc lude  Regional Banks, PBs, Asset Managers and Sovereign Wealth Funds  in the 

region.   
No te: F ro m Mar  2013  to  Ju ly   2014, ta king  t ime o f f to  take ca re o f my  ch i ld .  

 

B arclays Capital As ia Limite d                                                                        M ay 2010  - Fe b 2013 
Director, M ulti Assets Sales, Hong  Kong 
Responsib le  for develop ing  Ch ina  Inst itut ional business and provid ing cross assets investment 
products and asset allocation so lut ions to  leading onshore  and offshore   Chinese  financia l 

inst it ut ions .  

Successfully deve loped Barclays Fixed Income  and Cash Equit y bus iness in Ch ina. 

Major clients  inc lude  sovereign wealth funds, top tier and second tier banks, pr ivate  banks, asset 

managers and HNW clients  in Ch ina  and HK. 

 

China Investme nt Corporation (CIC)                                                          M ay 2010 - Nov  2010 

Secondee, Relative  Value  Investme nt De partme nt, Be ijing 
Worked in CIC under a 6 months secondment arrangement between Barclays and CIC to facilitate  

the fixed income  tactical asset allocat ion and relat ive  value investment.   
Built up good relat ionsh ip with F ixed Income, Equ it y, A lternative  Investment Department of CIC 

 

M an Investme nts (Hong Kong) Limite d                                                     Apr 2009  - M ay 2010 

Director, Sales -China M arket, Hong Kong 
Responsib le  for develop ing the hedge funds bus iness in t he  asset management, retail bank ing and 
private banking areas in China , HK. 

Worked closely w ith Ch ina  Merchant Bank PB to provide hedge fund  linked pr oducts to its h igh net 

worth clients in Ch ina , HK and Taiwan. 

 

 

BNP Paribas  Hong  Kong  B ranch                                                                Aug  2005  - Jan 2009   

Dire ctor,  Equity &  De rivatives Sales , Hong Kong 
Responsib le  for develop ing equ it y-derivatives business in Ch ina. 

Successfully  intr oduced equ ity- and fund- linked structured products to instit ut ional and HNW 
clients in Ch ina. Major clients inc lude  onshore and offshore  entit ies in Ch ina  and HK.. 

ING  B ank N.V. Hong Kong                                                                       M ay 2004 - Jun 2005     

Vice  Preside nt, Cross Products Sales , Financial M arket, Hong Kong 
Responsib le  for prov id ing f ixed  income  and FX  linked solut ions to major Ch inese  banks inc lud ing 

ICBC, BOC, ABC, CCB and second tier banks. Major products  included snowba ll, target 
redemption, CMS DRA etc.  

Deals volume  ranked No. 1 in ICBC’s wealth management business 

 

COFCO, He ad Office                                                                                        Apr 1998  - Apr 2004 

Se nior M anage r, Tre as ury Div is ion,  Beijing  
Responsib le  for coord inat ing pr o jects in restructuring , M&A, listed company asset in jection pr o jects 

and overseas short-term and long-term financing programs. 

Responsib le  for investing  into y ie ld enhance  products includ ing CLN, Dual currency deposits etc to 

improve  the return of the group’s foreign currency assets as well as hedging so lut ions..   

 

Educatio n 

Ce ntral Unive rs ity o f Finance  and Economics , Be ijing                                 Se p 1995 - Jan 1998 
Master of Economics in Accounting wit h Honors  

Ce ntral Unive rs ity o f Finance  and Economics , Be ijing                                 Se p 1991  –  Jul 1995 
Bachelor of Economics in Accounting with Honors  

Profe ss ional Qual ifica tio ns  

Chartered Financial Ana lyst (CFA), since  Aug 2006   

Non-practical Certif ied Public  Accountant (CPA), since  Sept 1996 

Chinese  Institut ion of Certif ied Pub lic  Accountant (CICPA) , since  Sept 1996  

Re fe rences 

Available  upon request 

