 
 Valerie Wong Meg Gie             Resume 
         

 

Address 
Gender  
Nationality 
Contact Nos 
E-mail   

 
 
 
 
 

EDUCATION 

: 
: 
: 
:  
: 

   

         !
Blk 331 Woodlands Ave 1 #11-409 S (730 331) 
Female 
Singaporean 
 +65 8125 9555 (Mobile) 
hilowvalerie@yahoo.com.sg 

 

 

Sep 2006 to Apr 2008  

 : Bachelor of Commerce – Murdoch University 
  (Majors in Management & Minor Marketing Management) 

Sep 2005 to Aug 2006     : SMa School of Management 
                                           Diploma in Business Administration  
    (Major in Management) 

Feb 2004 to Sep 2004      : Bunka Language School 
                                            Japanese Elementary (JPT) 
                                            

CAREER SUMMARY 
With over 10 years of customer service experiences in Banking & Financial, Media, and 
Telecommunication industries.  
Currently,  having  more  than  7  years  working  experiences  in  asset  management 
environment  as  a  Fund Accountant  and  also  been  responsible  for  an  important  role  of 
the  team  as  a  Client  Service  Representative  (CSR).  As  a  CSR,  my  role  includes  in 
handling  client’s  day  to  day  queries  and  requests  on  top  of  daily  fund  accounting 
operational tasks.  

Be  the  main  in-charge  of  billing  function  of  the  team,  my  role  is  required  me  to  work 
closely  with  internal  colleagues  to  ensure  all  the  reports  and  invoices  were  produced 
accurately to our client. Liaising and follow-up with relevant parties to ensure any billing 
related issues or requests being addressed immediately. 

On  top  of  CSR  and  Billing  roles,  I  also  responsible  in  handling  Tax  queries  which 
involve advising client on how to fill the form and follow-up with client on submission tax 
reclaim  forms  in  any  event.  I  will  need  to  prepare  and  provide  the  data  files  or  income 
reports base on client’s requests. 

Looking at my prior job, working as a Customer Service Executive in MediaCorp leading 
subscription  team  in  circulation  department,  to  train,  direct  and  motivate  staffs.  Having 
abilities  to manage and coordinate active plans  for daily operation of subscription  team. 
Establish  work  priorities  and  assist  staffs  with  problem  resolution. Also  part  of  Project 
team member  for  implementation of  the new subscriber system and online subscription 
website to support the business and improve customer service. 

Valerie Wong Meg Gie 

Page  !1

 

CONTRACT  EMPLOYMENT 
Personal Assistant to Director 
AIA - Rayner Lee & Associate  
Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 (4mths contract) 

Key Responsibilities: 

Secretarial Support 
Liaising with internal & external clients. 
•
• Calendar  Management. 
• Maintaining monthly birthday list & cake ordering  matters.  
Petty cash management & Account management contribution. 
•
• Home management. 
Travel & other arrangements. 
•
• Maintain Director's personal social media account. 
• Maintain proper filing systems. 
Ad-hoc  responsibilities. 
•

Account & Finance Management 
• Review monthly AIA financial Statements, perform monthly banking & finance tracking 
duties. 
Liaising with Accounting team with IRAS & GST matters. 
Payroll administration & CPF contribution. 
Petty cash management & Account management contribution. 

•
•
•

Staffs Management 
• On-boarding of new staffs 
• General; HR management, including medical leaves, annual leaves, reimbursements, 
etc. 

Business  Management 
Liaising with AIA management. 
•
• Handling service & recovery matters. 

Compliance Management 
Financial Health Review (FHR) 
•
• Writing minutes for weekly leaders meeting / group agency meeting ( average 3 hours 
duration meeting minutes per session). 
ICM management includes for coaching, meeting attendance/minutes, FHR 
assignments. 

•

Investment Management 
Liaising with Business partnership 
•
• Handling & manage overseas ventures related stuffs. 

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY     

 

 

 

Fund Accountant 
Bank of New York Mellon 
Feb 2009 – Aug 2016 (7 ½ yrs) 

Key Responsibilities: 

Fund Accounting  

Valerie Wong Meg Gie 

Page  !2

 ➢ Perform Cash/FM Reconciliation for daily and monthly accounts. 
➢ Review daily funds and accounting reports. 
➢ Performing the mid month and month end reporting and analysis reports. 
➢ Prepare data files daily and perform investigation upon any issues arise. 
➢ Ensure all NAV’s/reports and other deliverables are produced in accordance to agreed 
service level standards. 

Client Serving duties 
➢ Maintaining a strong and good relationship with client. Handle daily client queries through 
emails or phones. Monitor closely to the mailboxes and response to the client queries 
promptly. Resolving any queries like billing issues, fees related queries, accounting 
enquiries, new account set up matters, any client reporting  requests and etc.  
➢ Analyze the fund instructions issued by client and feedback to client  if there is any issues 
related to the instruction. 
➢ Daily keep a lookup for any incoming faxes in the inbox and distribute the instructions to the 
respective parties to ensure all instructions been processed accordingly and assist the FA if 
they have any queries related to the instructions. 
➢ Liaising with Fund Manager and Custody Representative to ensure smooth processing. 
Billing  
➢ Be in charge of billing function includes preparing and following up closely with the relevant 
parties. This is to ensure reports are provided accurately to client and internal colleagues. 
➢ Review any billing reporting and analysis reports 
➢ Having ability to troubleshoot and resolve any issues related to billing and fees such as 
follow-up Business Client Solution team/oversea billing team to resolve the new account 
billing issues and etc. 
➢ Monitoring any fee instructions received and informing the billing to process and drop the 
accrual accordingly. 
➢ Handling Relationship Manager's queries about billing status such as aging report, write off, 
fee issue, billing close account or new account created and etc. 

Fund Administration 
➢ Analyze the fund operational memo and feedback to client  if there is any issues related to 
the contract. 
➢ Handling  fund related payments. 
➢ Prepare any fund payment template and liaising with various parties to set up treasury edge 
for the new account set up.  
➢ Teaching and guide the fund admin teammates how to process trade orders, prepare 
payments, do monthly fund statement, verification process, monitoring and answering any 
fund related emails and etc. 

Workflow Improvement responsibilities 
➢ Pioneer to run new funds. Subsequently, pass on to newbie to run the funds. 
➢ Teach and guide the newbie how to run the daily/monthly funds, month end work process 
and other work tasks. 
➢ Prepare and written all Client Specific Procedures/Standard Operation Procedures to have a 
proper guidelines to improve current workflows such as the following reports; 
-Daily Accounts Processing 
-Feeder Fund Portfolio Procedures 
-Billing Expense Process 
-MAS Derivative Processing 

-Daily Price Check Procedure 
-Others guidelines reports 
➢ Assist with ad-hoc projects. 
System Testing/Macro Updates duties  
➢ Handling reports/system testing to improvise the current working process 
➢ Liaising with IT with regards to macros and do testing of the macro to update new funds or 
any new client requests. 

Valerie Wong Meg Gie 

Page  !3

 
Achievement:        
❖ Responsible for an important role in the team as a client servicing representative. 
❖ Main in-charge of the billing function 

Customer Service Exceutive 
MediaCorp Pte Ltd (Publishing) 
Feb 2005 – Jan 2009 (4 yrs) 

Key Responsibilities: 
➢ Provide customer service to clients; Investigate into customers' complaints and resolve 
problems by recommending possible actions and solutions. 
➢ Work out sampling proposal to island wide distribution. 
➢ Handle new and existing corporate account to various corporations. 
➢ Monitor stock levels, usage and generate forecast of requirements 
➢ Perform inventory control and management.  
➢ Generate and coordination of quotations.  
➢ Responsible for establishing monitoring reports to help monitor both system and/or 
personnel performance levels, customer survey evaluation and analysis reports. 
➢ Attending department leaders monthly meeting to present my team sales subscriptions 
statics. 
➢ Prepare weekly and monthly report to Vice President. 
Other Duties: 
➢ Coordinate and support major sales & marketing activities 
➢ Handle new subscription system implementation such written new system specification 
requirements, system testing, monitoring system workability and etc. 

Achievement:        
❖ Supervisory role leading a team of subscription division. 
❖ Project team member for subscription system implementation. 

SingTel Mobile Pte Ltd - Customer Service Officer  
 Jun 2000 – Jan 2005 (4 ½ yrs) 

Key Responsibilities: 
➢ Assist Manager to prepare daily & monthly reports on customer ’s feedback /mobile services/
rejects. 
➢ Answering customer enquiries & follow up on queries. 
➢ Handing corporate accounts and updating of corporate individual scheme rate. 
➢ Replying daily email enquiries. On top of that, further investigate are require & to resolve as 
soon as possible. 
➢ Checking mobile airtime & subscription, doing calculate & raising adjustment. 
➢ Data Entry of Subscriber ’s information to the database system. 
➢ Training to new & existing junior staff. 
➢ Distribute work to staffs for processing. 

S.T.E Engineering Pte Ltd - Admin Assistant  
Jan 1999 – May 2000 ( 1 1/2years ) 

Key Responsibilities: 
➢ Perform administrative functions including office maintenance and operations, travel 
arrangements, and handling of correspondence. 
➢ Assist Supervisor in Data Entry & Filing.  
➢ Assist Supervisor in preparing monthly statistics reports 

Valerie Wong Meg Gie 

Page  !4

 ➢ Provide Phone Support to Customers on any enquires. 
➢ Preparing invoices and Documents. 
➢ Assist in other ad-hoc projects, assignments & activities. 

COMPUTER SKILLS 

Competent in Microsoft Words, Excel, Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint etc. 
Typing Speed: 30 words per minutes 

STRENGTH: 

Willing to learn new things to keep improving myself 
Independent and able to take on multiple assignments under pressure  
Love to accept any challenges and work in a dynamic environment 

LANGUAGE 

Bilingual in speaking & writing in English, Mandarin  

Valerie Wong Meg Gie 

Page  !5

