 

 

 

                   Email Address: amytayhm@gmail.com 

 

 

 

Tay Hui Min Amy, CA (821659) 
 
(Singaporean with a valid work visa for HK) 
 
Contact Number: +852 5695 6871 / +65 93270058        
 
Work Experience 
 
Baring Private Equity Asia     
Location: Hong Kong 
Division:  Finance 
Business Unit:  Corporate 
Current Position: Finance Manager 
 
  Drive financial close process for whole BPEA Group for monthly/quarterly/year-end reporting 
purposes. 
 
Lead consolidation of BPEA Group and preparing reports for submission to stakeholders . 
 
Lead & drive the go-live of ERP system (Microsoft AX Dynamics). 

 
                                                         Sept 2016 – Present 

 

 

 

  Oversight on AP and payroll function to ensure internal controls and appropriate accounting . 

 

 

                                                                         Jan 2013 – Jun 2016 

 
Goldman Sachs     
 
Location: Singapore / Hong Kong 
Division:  Finance 
Business Unit:  Investment Accounting (supporting Asia Special Situations Group, ASSG) 
Last-held Position: Associate 
 
Perform monthly ledger closing procedures for USGAAP and tax reporting.  
Journal posting, preparation of schedules & reconciliation, P&L estimates, variance analysis 
o 
to senior management, cash flow/PL reporting to Desk  
 
  Analyse deals / transactions to understand the impact to accounting treatment, funding, control 
considerations and other operational matters. Deals / transactions include distressed assets such as 
real estate, non-performing / sub-performing loans (NPLs/SPLs) collaterised by real estate and private 
equity. 
 
  Maintaining / updating pipeline of upcoming deals for sharing with asset managers & desk.  

  Reporting to regulators such as Federal Reserve and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC). 
o  Perform daily control functions of financing reporting and ensure financial reporting is of 
high quality and meets applicable accounting principles and regulations.  

  Manage the quarterly Balance Sheet substantiation & SOX process. 

 

Possess knowledge of Variable Interest Entities (VIE) reporting. 
o  Responsible for consolidated VIE reporting for Asia Pacific region 

 

Cross border liaison with other global departments within the firm (e.g. product control, Legal, 
compliance, tax, technology, corporate treasury, deal trading desks, middle office) in the course of 
work. 
 
  Handle ad-hoc requests/enquires from various stakeholders for financial information of responsible 
entities to maintain appropriate control and accuracy. 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

                                                                                       Sep 2010 – Jan 2013  

Ernst & Young LLP  
Location: Singapore 
Division: Assurance 
Business Unit: General Audit  
Last-held Position: Audit Senior 
 
Lead audit teams in execution of audit fieldwork   
Supervise team in the collection and analysis of data to detect deficient controls, duplicated 
o 
effort, extravagance, fraud, or non-compliance with laws, regulations, and management 
policies 
o  Reviewing assistants’ work; provision of guidance and development  
o  Determining scope of investigation required 
Involvement in engagement budget planning, team planning and client meetings  
o 
 
  Report to management  
o  Prepare detailed reports on audit findings   
o  Report to audit senior managers/partners on yearly and quarterly variance analysis on 
clients’ management accounts as well as significant issues 
o  Examine and evaluate financial and information systems, recommending controls to 
management to ensure system reliability and  data integrity 
o  Assist in preparing annual reports, financial statements, and other records, us ing accepted 
accounting and statistical procedures to assess financial condition and  facilitate financial 
planning 

 

 

 

 
Special Project  
Involvement in the IPO Project of Maxi-cash Financial Services Corporation Ltd in 2012   
o 
 
Examples of companies audited  
o  The Hourglass Limited   
o  Reader Digest Asia Pte Ltd   
Singapore Chinese Orchestra   
o 
o  Unionmet (Singapore) Limited  
o  Aspial Corporation Limited & its Subsidiaries   
o  Weatherford Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
o  Danone Asia Pacific Holdings Limited & its Subsidiaries   
o  Beeconomic Singapore Pte Ltd  
o  Hitachi Koki (Singapore) Pte Ltd  

 
Qualifications 
 
Chartered Accountant (CA), Singapore  
 
Nanyang Technological University    
 
  Bachelor of Accountancy with Honours 

 

 

 

 
IT & Language Proficiencies  
 

 

                      Mar 2014 - Present 

                                      Aug 2007 – May 2010   

  Competent with Oracle database, Hyperion Essbase, Peoplesoft accounting system, Microsoft 
Dynamic AX, JDE (JD Edwards)  
  Adept in Microsoft office suite (Excel, Word, Powerpoint) 
  Fluent and proficient in spoken/written English and Mandarin 

